NSW Police confirm three people have emerged from the Lindt cafe in Martin Place sydneysiege
Basically: there are 1-2 men holding 13 ppl hostage in a café in Sydney and has made some of the hostages hold an islamic flag in the window
Sydney Siege: Up To 40 Hostages Held - Reports sidneysiege
DRAMATIC PHOTO:Woman running from SYDNEYSIEGE cafe, unknown number of hostages remain trapped
WATCH: 2 women escape through front door of Sydney cafe -
TV pictures show two more people emerging from Sydney Lindt café -- they appear to be staff members sydneysiege
UPDATE: 13 hostages inside Sydney coffee shop near Sydney Opera House; Abbott will deliver a statement shortly. ISISAttacks sydneyseige
Australian TV pictures show police storming cafe under siege in Sydney
Approximately 50 hostages may be held captive at Lindt café – local reports sydneysiege
Gunman takes several hostages in Sydney cafe, parades Islamic militants' flag in window. Opera House also evacuated.
Two women have emerged from the Lindt cafe in Sydney. Five hostages are now out sydneysiege
Sydney siege: police enter cafe as hostages flee the scene, gunfire heard, reports of an injured person – live
Police confirm that sydneysiege is finally over. Two people reportedly injured after suffering gunshot wounds.
A hostage runs towards a police officer outside Lindt cafe SydneySiege SydneyCafeSiege
BREAKING NEWS: Gunmen take hostages at Sydney cafe, wave Islamic flag
Two female hostages have run out of SydneySiege. 5 in total have escaped
2 dead, 3 in serious condition after the SydneySiege, Australia's ABC reports
Sydney: Hostage taker demands ISIS flag, warns of four bombs in city
There is at least one armed suspect involved in Sydney hostage situation, U.S. officials say.
Hearing about the hostage situation in Sydney, I hope everything calms soon, and no one is harmed
Local media: 2 more people appear to escape Martin Place, Sydney, café amid hostage situation; 5 now free -
BREAKING One man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building sydneysiege martinplace
BREAKING: Police have confirmed that the SydneySiege is over. 9News
Police confirm three safe SydneySiege: “Our number one aim is to resolve incident peacefully”
Three people seen running out of Sydney cafe where hostages have been held for hours - live updates sydneysiege
TV channels have chosen not to show videos of hostages relaying sydneysiege gunman's demands.
BREAKING: A sixth hostage has escaped from the café in MartinPl. SydneySiege 9News
Here's a vine showing the dramatic moment three hostages escaped the sydneysiege
There are reportedly 13 hostages in the siege at Martin Place, Sydney CBD - watch us live for continuous updates
Police shootout ends 16-hour siege in Martin Place. sydneysiege
BREAKING: NSW police have confirmed the siege in Sydney's CBD is now over, a police officer is reportedly among the several injured.
More gun shots and loud bangs are coming from MartinPl as heavily armed police stormed café. SydneySiege 9News
At least one armed offender holding an undisclosed number of hostages, says Sydney police sydneysiege
ISIS FLAG VISIBLE AS GUNMAN SEIZES SYDNEY CAFE, HOLDS HOSTAGES
DETAILS: The hostage site is Lindt Chocolat Cafe near Sydney Harbor
Hostages Held In Downtown Sydney Cafe — Live updates from ,
Up to 20 held hostage in Sydney Lindt Cafe siege
BREAKING: 2 people have run out of Sydney building where a hostage situation is unfolding.
BREAKING : another five hostages seen escaping sydneysiege ()
HADLEY confirms he is speaking to a hostage inside the cafe. He says the gunman is listening to multiple radio stations inside the cafe.
Five free but an unknown number remain trapped in dramatic siege in Sydney: sydneysiege
Police confirm that live ammunition was used as heavily armed police stormed the café in Sydney -
Uber reverses course after story, now giving free rides to people in downtown Sydney. Good call:
Religion Of COWARDS-&gt;Hostages Forced Display Islamic Flag, Women Used AsShields sydneysiege
Reportedly 3 hostages have come out of the lindt cafe sydneysiege
BREAKING: Police believe the man behind the Sydney siege is Iraninan cleric Man Haron Monis sydneysiege
2 more people have fled from Sydney cafe where hostages are being held. sydneysiege
sydneysiege: A series of loud blasts and bursts of ammunition have been heard at the cafe.
Scary scenes in Sydney right now. Thoughts go out to everyone involved. Hopefully the hostage situation can be resolved peacefully.
Geoblock lifted on ABCNews24. Streaming coverage of the Martin Place siege in Sydney here .
UPDATE: Reports a gunman is requesting to speak to Australian leaders on live radio, as specialist officers work to make contact. 9News
Sydney cafe siege: Two gunmen and up to a dozen hostages inside the cafe under siege in Martin Place, Sydney. ISIS flags remain in display.
UPDATE: Reports the gunman has released three hostages, with the six hour siege unravelling. Details to come. 9News
Ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago sydneysiege
BREAKING: say a photo circulating of arrest of man near MartinPlace is NOT related to the police operation sydneysiege
Several people being held hostage at a Sydney cafe. Australian tv showing people with hands up against a window:
Islamic terrorist attack in Sydney. Hostages holding up a black flag with the Islamic creed on it. SydneySiege
BREAKING Another hostage has been seen running out of the cafe sydneysiege
Hostages Held In Sydney Chocolate Shop Forced To Hold Up Islamic Flag
Sad end: 2 people are dead, 3 in serious condition after hostage siege at Sydney cafe, according to Australian broadcaster ABC. sydneysiege
Report SydneySiege: Text of flag translated as 'There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of God.'
Sydney's Daily Telegraph has printed a special 2pm edition - "Death cult CBD attack" MartinPlaceSiege
3 people have come running out of the Lindt cafe building, including a man who looked like a cafe worker. MartinPlaceSiege sydneysiege
Australian radio reporting that SydneySiege gunman not only wants to talk to the Prime Minister, but he wants to talk to him live on radio.
Haron Monis,Hostage-taker in Sydney: Fled Iran 96,suspect in ex-wife killing,46 sex assaults
3 people run out of Sydney cafe where hostages are being held. sydneysiege
sydneysiege is a misnomer. It's a hostage situation. Inside a cafe. You want 2 know what being under siege looks like? look Gaza.
JUST IN: Flag in Sydney cafe window confirmed to be that of Jabah Al-Nusra, says Islamic terror eert on 7 News
Radical Muslim cleric Sheik Man Haron Monis has been revealed as the gunman behind SydneySiege: 9News
What we know about Sheikh Haron, the suspected hostage taker in SydneySiege
Central Sydney shut down amid ongoing hostage situation: SydneySiege
BREAKING: More Than a Dozen Hostages Held in Cafe in Sydney; Arabic Flag Placed in Window
BREAKING: Hostages are running out of the cafe sydneysiege
BREAKING Three hostages run out of Sydney siege cafe: report
Five people have been able to get out of Sydney cafe during hostage situation.
Authorities have not yet had direct contact with the hostage taker at a Sydney café, official says.
Hostages being held in a Sydney cafe; Islamic flag seen in window, local news reports
According to Seven, this is a picture of the gunman
Update: Several people have emerged from the building where hostages in Sydney are being held
Stretchers taken from Sydney cafe after police storm building; fate of hostage-taker unknown - ,
Police take down suspect in MartinPlace. Unclear whether related to siege Sydney
Police confirm that sydneysiege is finally over. Two people reportedly injured after suffering gunshot wounds
Heavy police activity at Sydney cafe shown on livestream just now. Many shots fired.
BREAKING Reported hostage-taking incident unfolding in Sydney
JUST IN: Gunman in Sydney cafe siege says he has devices all over city: Report
3 people appear to escape from Lindt Cafe in Sydney, reports. SydneySiege
please repost this and stay out of Sydney on New Years, better safe than sorry!
This is shot that captures the sydneysiege: sheer terror/relief of escaped hostages, incredible work of
Black Islamic flag being held up in window of lindt chocolate store in Martin Place, Sydney - hostages inside.
LIVE: coverage of ongoing hostage situation in Sydney's business district:
Five hostages have escaped the besieged Lindt Cafe in Sydney | Our latest update:
The moment a female Lindt worker escapes the SydneySiege: hostage MartinPlace
Still no information about hostage taker: unclear if alive, injured or killed sydneysiege
Total number of people who have left the cafe in Sydney up to 5. The latest: SydneySiege
I feel so much for the hostages in Sydney. I also feel for law-abiding Muslims in Australia. The backlash will be nasty.
UPDATE: "The police didn't run to the hostages, they let the girls run to them." - SydneySiege 9News
Sydneysiege: what we know
Ray Hadley says he spoke with hostage, and could hear the gunman in the background barking orders and demanding to go live on air
Footage shows three men fleeing sydneysiege building
Australian Mufti condemns hostage taking in Sydney - Statement SydneyHostageCrisis SydneySiege SydneyCafe
2 hostages in Sydney café confirm to gunman's demands 1) He wants ISIS flag delivered 2) He wants to speak to Prime Minster
We can see people coming out a firedoor near the Lindt cafe to waiting police. 2-3 people. Hard to see. sydneysiege
Flag in Sydney cafe where hostages are being held 'is not linked with IS'
BREAKING: 2 people killed and 3 in serious condition as hostage siege at Sydney café ends -- Australian broadcaster.
Terrified faces of hostages taken by jihadists in Sydney.Instead of worrying about "image of Islam",worry about them!
Sydney Opera House among buildings evacuated due to SydneySiege:
JUST IN: 2 women have just run from Sydney cafe during ongoing hostage situation -
For those confused: gunmen have taken hostages in a Sydney cafe holding a Shahada flag (NOT THE SAME AS ISIS)
And I'm now officially done with , which is price gouging during AU hostage crisis. What sad sorry clowns.
Finally a news presenter has said "this is not a terrorist event, it is a criminal event involving hostages" sydneysiege
I hope for everyones sake that this is fake but please just be careful if you live in or close to Sydney sydneysiege
MORE: 3rd person runs out a fire exit of a Sydney building where a hostage situation has been unfolding:
What does the black flag at SydneySiege stand for?
pmharper tweets 'Canada's thoughts and prayers are with our Australian friends.' 13-40 hostages held in cafe in Sydney. SydneySiege
BREAKING: &amp; have the latest on the hostages inside the Lindt Cafe SydneySiege. Ch 601
BREAKING NEWS: Alert of armed elosives at Sydney's Opera House. All airspace near the area has been closed and diverted.
BREAKING UPDATE: US Consulate in Sydney has been evacuated and US Citizens there being warned to be on high alert. Reuters
From on Ray Hadley's speculative reports: sydneysiege
Our thoughts and prayers are with the hostages and the families in Sydney. sydneysiege
Most Muslim men I know would risk their lives to take down that coward holding hostages in the SydneySiege
Can confirm that several media outlets know the name and background of the hostage taker. Holding off publication. sydneysiege
Here's everything we know so far about the sydneysiege. Dozens of hostages are being held.
Hostage situation ongoing in Sydney business district. LIVE: UPDATES:
Another post from a hostage within lindtcafe during sydneysiege - showing demands of gunmen; blacked out by media.
hostages in Sydney right now... my thoughts and prayers are with you guys. so much hatred in the world. this isn't the way.. sydneysiege
Hostage involved in SydneySiege texts "I'm ok" to his mother
Hostages being held in Sydney, Australia cafe
Hostage taker in Sydney cafe demands 2 things: ISIS flag, phone call with Australian PM. sydneysiege
A loud bang was reportedly heard moments before a group of hostages fled the cafe sydneysiege
Police aware that hostages are posting gunman's demands on social media. sydneysiege
BREAKING: Three Sydney hostages flee cafe, Australian TV networks report
BREAKING NEWS: REPORTS OF 2 KILLED IN SYDNEY SIEGE. 7 NEWS
Sydneysiege: 2 women flee LindtCafe, a total of 5 hostages now free
Such powerful images of hostages escaping, those poor women. And the fear for those still trapped inside Sydneysiege
RT : Terrifying photo of hostages in Martin Place in Sydney, being held by men waving an ISIS flag
Aussie grand mufti &amp; Imam Council condemn Sydneysiege hostage capture - LIVE UPDATES
UPDATE: Hostages fleeing Sydney cafe held by Iranian gunman as elosions, gunshots are heard:
Ongoing hostage situation in Sydney café. sydneysiege Major landmarks like the Sydney Opera House evacuated
These hostages' faces say so much sydneysiege
sydneysiege: There are reports the hostage-taker claims to have up to four bombs.
JUST IN: Police: 3 people were able to run from Sydney cafe during ongoing hostage situation -
Please join me in prayer for those held hostage in Martin Place, Sydney, and for the police who are trying to resolve the situation.
BREAKING: Now free to confirm that radical cleric Sheikh Man Monis has been named as gunman behind SydneySiege.
BREAKING : freed hostage borne high from sydneysiege w/c.4 paramedic teams on the scene ( carsonscottLI
Uber reaches 4.0x surge pricing as Sydney faces hostage lockdown
BREAKING UPDATE SYDNEY: THE HOSTAGE TAKER MAN HARON MONIS HAS BEEN SHOT DEAD. 7NEWS
SHOTS FIRED AT SYDNEY CAFE - 7NEWS
RT : Siege situation currently unfolding at Sydney's Martin Place. Updates here:
GUNFIRE AND ELOSIONS CONTINUE AS POLICE STORM CAFE IN SYDNEY.
If you are in Sydney, err on side of safety. Also be very cautious in case Lindt cafe is a diversion for something else.
13 hostages are being held in a Sydney store by apparent jihadist supporters
SYDNEYSIEGE: 5 hostages escape from Lindt Cafe, more trapped, police in contact with gunman
Sky News Australia: a sixth hostage has escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney sydneysiege
BREAKING: Live coverage of hostage situation unfolding in Sydney's Martin Place
BREAKING: First photo of middle-aged hostage-taker, who is wearing a black bandana while conducting the SydneySiege.
BREAKING: Police have entered Sydney cafe as loud bangs, flashes seen on live stream. sydneysiege
162,000+ Muslims that call Sydney home hoping for safe release of hostages. Then, they will brace themselves for backlash. sydneysiege
The CEO of Lindt says there are around 50 people holed up in the cafe in central Sydney sydneysiege
With the sydneysiege now in its tenth hour, police say they're in contact with the gunman.
DEVELOPING: Police appear to storm cafe in Sydney where hostages have been held Live:
No word yet on the whereabouts of gunman Man Monis. SydneySiege 9News
CONFIRMED: Three hostages, 2 customers, 1 worker, have been released from Cafe. sydneysiege
The PM's office releases a statement about sydneysiege.
Sydney siege: hostages held inside Martin Place cafe – live updates
An ISIS "lonewolf" has taken around 30 people hostage in a Sydney and demanded to talk to the PM, according to Australian media reports.
Strange flag in Sydney, not the one affiliated with ISIS.
sydneysiege is over. 2 confirmed dead, PrayForSydney PrayForSydneyHostages Sydney hostages
Yet another hostage has just been forced by the gunman to call the office - passed on his captor's demands SydneySiege
Who's your pick for "worst contribution to sydneysiege" - Mamamia, Uber or the Daily Tele?
Several more hostages flee from cafe under siege in Sydney, local media say
A heartstopping moment as this hostage gets out of the cafe: sydneysiege
SYDNEY: Reports of people with their hands up against a window; black flag with Arabic writing - MORE:
LIVE: Sydney cafe siege, hostages held in CBD, reporter at scene
sydneysiege: It's understood the gunman has demanded a meeting with the Australian PM.
Pray with me for those being held hostage right now in Sydney.. And for the police and those responsible.. May peace prevail
UPDATE: Australian PM Abbott: Police dealing with "reported hostage-taking incident" in Sydney's business district -
BREAKING: CNN: Sydney police storm cafe. 2 confirmed dead. Syndey gunman is "Muslim cleric."
SYDNEY AIRSPACE CLOSED
Customers in Sydney cafe taken hostage. Siege in center of city. Watch our friends
ISIS -holding a Cafe hostage in Sydney- forcing Hostages to press ISIS flags against the Windows DramaAlert HOT!
US consulate reportedly evacuated amid Sydneysiege hostage situation martinplace
Heya can you put "Hostage crisis in Sydney. Islamist flag held in window" on your crawl so Obama sees it? Thanks.
BREAKING: Hostages are being forced to hold an ISIS flag at a Lindt cafe in Sydney's Martin Place, as police man the doors outside 7NEWS
Flag held by Sydney hostage often used by Jabhat Al-Nusra &amp; other armed Islamist groups, but not ISIS, eert says
Police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in Sydney cafe, police official says. sydneysiege
50 hostages in a cafe... at Sydney... Imagine if were reporting this ugly incident.. You would be dead by now....
Sadly, at this stage, there are two confirmed deaths from what is described as cardiac arrest. Incredibly sad. SydneySiege
Let us condemn the"Sydney cafe seize"&amp; pray for the safe return of hostages. Let's unite to prevent such acts of violence across the world
UPDATE: Total of 5 people have been able to get out of Sydney cafe during hostage situation:
BREAKING: A Sydney cafe at Martin Place is being held up - hostages inside have their hands against the windows, ISIS flag visible.. 7News
The Sydney cafe siege may be part of a larger plot. MartinPlaceSiege
BREAKING NEWS: Gunmen take hostages at Sydney cafe, wave Islamic flag
SydneySiege "We are only dealing with one location" says police chief, responding to rumours of bombs elsewhere
Ultra capitalism backflip - Uber rethinks fee hike amid Sydneysiege
LIVE: coverage of ongoing hostage situation in Sydney's business district.
POLICE MOVE IN: Police confirm live ammunition used in Martin Place sydneysiege
BREAKING: Three hostages appear to have escaped the Sydney cafe where a siege remains ongoing. sydneyseige
UPDATE: An ISIS flag is being displayed in the window of a café under siege in Sydney’s Martin Place. 9News
BREAKING: SydneySiege gunman identified as local resident Man Monis - reports
A woman runs to police from cafe in Sydney during hostage crisis
BREAKING: At least two people have died following the SydneySiege. 5 people are being treated by paramedics.
Police: Negotiators are now in contact with armed hostage-taker in Sydney situation; motive remains unknown -
Sydney siege: hostages in Australian cafe forced to hold black and white Islamic flag to windows sydneysiege
Breaking: Reports that the Sydney Opera House has now been evacuated due to findings of a suspicious package. More to come.
Islamists are holding people hostage in a cafe in Sydney, Australia. Meanwhile, we wet our pants over pouring water on a terrorist’s face.
Ugh: Uber introduces $100 minimum surge pricing during SydneySiege via
Hostage taker in Sydney cafe demands ISIS flag and call with Australian PM, Sky News reports. sydneysiege
Flag in window of Sydney Lindt cafe not an ISIS flag. Reads: ‘There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of God’
PM Modi condemns Sydney hostage crisis
Horrifying situation - siege at Sydney's Martin place Lindt cafe. Reports of up to 20 people held hostage inside
PM Abbott calls for calm amid Sydney hostage situation
BREAKING: Police have stormed the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Martin Place sydneysiege ABCNews24
BREAKING The man behind the hostage situation at Martin Place has been identified as Man Monis sydneysiege
Flag in window of Sydney Lindt cafe not an ISIS flag. Reads: ‘There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of God’ ()
BREAKING Hostages held in Sydney, Australia, cafe with an Islamic flag displayed in window, according to local news:
BREAKINGNEWS: One of the perpetrators have demanded to speak to President Tony Abbott. Threatens to blow elosives every 30min sydneysiege
Hostage taker in Sydney cafe siege named by police as Iranian refugee Haron Monis -
Police: Operation dealing with "armed incident" in Sydney's Martin Place; people nearby urged to shelter in place -
Many people are writing to me rejoicing that there is a hostage situation in Sydney. That they are somehow happy...
Apparent hostage situation unfolding in Sydney; prime minister convenes security briefing
A gunman holding hostages in a Sydney cafe is said to be demanding an ISIS flag sydneysiege
Sydney gunman was shot by police and is confirmed dead sydneysiege SydneyHostageCrisis
BREAKING NEWS: UP TO 50 PEOPLE BEING HELD HOSTAGE IN SYDNEY. 7NEWS
Watch the moment gunfire and elosions were heard inside the Lindt cafe in Sydney. sydneysiege
BREAKING a hostage siege in Sydney with a man with an IS flag or similar - live reports from
MT Uber intros surge pricing during sydneysiege -
Uber backtracks, offers free rides after prices were gouged for people fleeing from Sydney hostage drama:
Uber Is Allegedly Charging Passengers $100 Minimum During Sydney Siege via
This is flag currently held in Sydney window, a garden-variety Islamist flag. Therefore, doesn’t tell us anything yet
Statement from Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Sydney hostage situation.
Siege at Sydney's Martin Place has now been underway for an hour. Hostages remain inside.
Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn confirms police are in contact with sydneysiege gunman
Sydneysiege latest: Gunman reportedly demands ISIS flag, contact with Australian PM
SIEGE ERUPTS: At least 7 Hostages released. Police fire live ammunition as they move into building. sydneysiege
Dozens of hostages are being held in a Sydney cafe, Islamic flag seen in window »
If I understand Hillary Clinton &amp; Sen Feinstein correctly, 1st step for current Sydney hostage situation is to empathize w the f'n bastards.
NSW Police confirm 5 hostages have emerged from sydneysiege and they are negotiating: "It might take a bit of time"
BREAKING NEWS: POLICE NOW MOVING IN AT THE CAFE IN SYDNEY. RAPID GUNFIRE CAN BE HEARD. HOSTAGES SEEN RUNNING.
Sydney Siege: Five Hostages Flee Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Australia - GTA IN REAL LIFE HAHAHA
The flag held in Sydney cafe window is a Shahadah flag (left) not an ISIS flag (right) MartinPlace sydneysiege
BREAKING: Hostages held in downtown Sydney cafe; Islamic flag displayed -
Sites evacuated now include State Library, Sydney Opera House, Channel 7 building in Martin Place. SydneySiege
Total 5 hostages have left Lindt MartinPlace; 3 men, 2 women. LIVE: . SydneySiege 9News
The Lindt store refuses to be halal certified perhaps thats why they were targeted. jihad Sydney hostagecrisis
Two women flee sydneysiege cafe via
Live Updates: Siege in Sydney Cafe
A bomb detection robot has entered the MartinPl café. SydneySiege 9News
Praying for the hostages in the cafe in Sydney. No religion represents hate and violence. When will this madness stop. sydneysiege
After criticism, Uber now picking riders in downtown Sydney for free during hostage crisis.
Young woman carried out with blood running down her left leg. sydneysiege
Hostages are posting the requests of the gunman on social media. has asked the media not to publish those requests SydneySiege
Five people have been able to flee the hostage situation in Sydney, Australia
Developing: Hostage situation in Sydney, Australia. Updates: Video:
5 people so far have fled Sydney cafe. Unknown number of hostages still inside. sydneysiege
UPDATE: Airspace across Sydney is in lockdown. has also been evacuated. 9News
US consulate in Sydney reportedly evacuated amid ongoing hostage situation at chocolate shop
BREAKING: Heavily armed police storm Sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages.
BREAKING Australian police say responding to 'incident' at Sydney Opera House
BREAKING NEWS: 2 PEOPLE HAVE DIED AND 5 PEOPLE BEING TREATED BY PARAMEDICS IN SYDNEY. SKY NEWS
Police Surround Sydney Cafe, Where Armed Person Holds Hostages
Reports medicos have given CPR to two persons. It is unknown whether they are hostages at this stage. SydneySiege 9News
DRAMATIC VIDEO: Sydneysiege hostages run from Lindt Cafe, more remain trapped
BREAKING: Reports that some of the hostages have escaped. LIVE Ch 601 sydneysiege
Gunman demands meeting with Tony Abbott and claims four bombs in area sydneysiege
Powerful series of images of one of the hostages escaping sydneysiege
DEVELOPING: Gunman Takes Hostages In Sydney Cafe, 'ISIS' Flags Being Held Against Window -
BREAKING: One man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building sydneysiege
Gunman's headband reads, "We are your soldiers O Muhammad". MartinPlace SydneySiege
Two came out front door of Lindt cafe. One out fire door. They had hands in the air. Appear to be safe. sydneysiege
BREAKING: Police enter Lindt cafe, hostages flee sydneysiege
Sydney cafe siege: Martin Place is in lockdown and surrounding buildings evacuated as a serious siege situation unfolds at the Lindt cafe.
Full statement from PM Abbott on Sydneysiege MartinPlace Lindt.
UPDATE: The latest footage from Sydney siege shows a man holding a female hostage as a human shield. 9News
5 people have been able to get out of Sydney cafe during hostage situation:
Live ammunition and stun grenades used by police as they stormed MartinPl cafe moments ago. SydneySiege 9News
Praying for the safety of all the hostages being held by some criminal in the cafe in Sydney. Preparing for the collective blame as well.
sydneysiege: At least four people believed to have been injured after multiple shots fired.
JUST IN: Two gunmen, dozen hostages inside cafe in Sydney, Australia. ISIS flags remain on display. -
Grand Mufti of Australia statement condemning SydneySiege
BREAKING PHOTO Appears To Show SydneySiege Suspect --MORE HERE:
sydneyseige Gunman wants to talk to PM Abbott
SYDNEY HOSTAGE-TAKER - Man Monis, 49 - Originally from Iran - Self-styled sheikh - Accused of sexually assaulting 7 women DEVELOPING..
Such powerful images of hostages escaping, those poor women. And the fear for those still trapped inside Sydneysiege
UPDATE: Reports the Sydney Opera House has also been evacuated. 9News
BREAKING: Several more hostages flee from Sydney cafe after loud bang is heard.
SYDNEY ATTACK -Entering 3rd hour -At Sydney cafe -50 hostages -2 gunmen -Hostages seen holding Arabic flag Stay with for the latest
Powerful &amp; harrowing image of a Lindt workers escaping the sydneysiege
Hostages in Sydney cafe made to hold up Islamic flags
BREAKING: Two new hostages, both woman, run to safety from Sydney cafe, Australia television network reports
Hostages reported in armed robbery situation inside café in Martin Place, Sydney -
5 people escape Sydney siege, 1 Indian among hostages
BREAKING UPDATE: 2 hostages escape Lindt Café through front door, 1 via fire door Sydneysiege
SYDNEYSIEGE: Hostage-takers ‘have suicide belts, demand radio convo with Abbott’ – report
As per the request of police, we will not be airing any of the gunman's demands or what the hostages have been forced to tell us.
BREAKING: Reports hostages can be seen running from the Lindt building in the latest development of the Sydney siege. 9News
sydneysiege: No confirmation airspace has been shut down yet in Sydney but planes are avoiding the area.
UPDATE: There are reports police have discovered the identity of the lone gunman, with the SydneySiege in its sixth hour. 9News
Yes, sydneysiege is a hostage situation. Yes, the hostage taker(s) is a terrorist. Any other stupid failures of PC that need addressing?
Hostage situation erupts in Sydney cafe, Australian prime minister says it may be "politically motivated"
Sydney Opera House evacuated, concourse deserted SydneySiege (via )
VIDEO: Australian police say they are talking to gunman holding hostages inside cafe in Sydney:
Man Haron Monis ID'd as gunman holding captives in SydneySiege. DETAILS:
Lindt Australia CEO says probably about 10 staff, 30 customers in Sydney cafe at time of siege sydneysiege ()
Sydney Opera House has been completely evacuated and Sydney airspace closed. siege
BREAKING: Six hostages have managed to escape from the café in MartinPl. SydneySiege 9News
Updated: An armed person took hostages in a Sydney cafe and displayed a black flag with Arabic script
BREAKING Hostages held inside Sydney cafe, Islamic flag held up
Reports: Gunman in sydneysiege claims bombs are scattered citywide: (Peter Parks, Getty)
UPDATE: Aerials are coming in from Sydney Opera House, with reports it has also been evacuated. 9News
SYDNEY ATTACK - Hostages at Sydney cafe - Up to 20 hostages - Up to 2 gunmen - Hostages seen holding ISIS flag DEVELOPING..
The sydneysiege hostage-taker has been named as Sheikh Man Monis.
This is The Islamic State flag, not the one in the window in Sydney.
Five people have now escaped the Lindt cafe. Two female hostages ran out just moments ago. sydneysiege
BREAKING NEWS: GUNMAN DEMANDING TO SPEAK TO AUSTRALIAN PRIME MINISTER AND ALSO ASKING FOR AN ISLAMIC STATE FLAG TO BE BROUGHT TO LINDT CAFE.
Sydney siege: Hostages held at Martin Place cafe
HOSTAGE SITUATION IN SYDNEY To all our fans and friends staying in Sydney, stay safe and keep praying...
BREAKING: Gunmen displaying Islamist flag take hostages in Sydney
Tomorrow the exclusion zone will stay in place in Sydney - if you work in the area please stay at home. sydneysiege
Uber Sydney trips from CBD will be free for riders. Higher rates are still in place to encourage drivers to get into the CBD.
Let us pray for the hostages taken in MartinPlace, Sydney as well as for the police handling the situation &amp; for a peaceful resolution.
3 people freed from cafe in Sydney under siege. Not clear how many hostages remain. sydneysiege
BREAKING: Police have confirmed 3 people escape Sydney cafe where hostages are being held
Update - five more hostages have escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney city centre
Central Sydney shut down by police amid ongoing hostage situation:
Sydney hostage-taker has reportedly demanded an ISIS flag
BREAKING NEWS: Hostage situation developing in Sydney cafe reportedly 13 hostages held by at least 2 gunman
Construction workers gather in front of Sydney Opera House after evacuation: sydneysiege
Note: Flag held up by Sydney hostages is NOT the flag commonly used by ISIS
thank god SydneySiege is over. so much respect to the police, their courage and bravery is truly amazing. RIP to the 2 people
NSW Police + AFP are raiding several homes in Lakemba right now. More martinplacesiege sydneysiege sydneycafesiege ()
sydneysiege: Up to 20 hostages are being held in darkness in a cafe in Sydney.
Reports on sydneysiege gunman wants ISIL flag delivered to cafe and he also wants to speak to PM or people will be killed.
Sydney's central business district is under lockdown as gunman takes hostages at a cafe. Live stream as it unfolds:
SYDNEY HOSTAGE CRISIS:
Police surrounding cafe in central Sydney after reports of hostages being taken
breaking We have now heard that all airspace in the Sydney city has been shut down. martinplace Lindt cafe
Local media: 3 people appear to escape from Martin Place, Sydney, café, amid hostage situation -
LIVE: 'Islamists' take 20 hostages in Sydney cafe siege sydneysiege
BREAKING: Another four or five hostages have escaped from the café in MartinPl. SydneySiege 9News
WATCH: The moment two women escaped the sydneysiege.
A number of people are being taken away on stretchers; some appear to be the hostages. MartinPl SydneySiege 9News
Hostages inside the siege have told Australia's that the gunman, calling himself "The Brother", has two bombs inside.
Hostage situation in Sydney is happening next door to 's studio -- this is a live stream of the coverage
Three people spotted running out of Lindt cafe, shielded by heavily armed police. sydneysiege martinplacesiege
Reports that the AFP is conducting search warrants in the Sydney suburb of Lakemba are incorrect.
"The situation in sydney must be hard for 5sos" No the situation in sydney must be hard for the innocent people that are being held hostage
Hostages taken in Sydney cafe as Islamic flag is reportedly flown
Map: Exclusion zone remains around MartinPlace as the Sydneysiege continues
BREAKING: Police confirm that SydneySiege is over. A bomb robot is to enter the front door of the care shortly.
Major landmarks in Sydney evacuated as police respond to hostage situation at café in city's Martin Place -
Sydney Crisis: Hostages share gunman's demands in chilling phone calls:
Photo of the moment a cafe worker escaped the SydneySiege via STORY:
BREAKING: Hostages taken in central Sydney café, jihadist flag held against window
If you want to follow the hostage situation in Sydney:
NSW police: Police negotiators have had contact with hostage-taker in ongoing Sydney cafe siege. sydneyseige
StartUps Uber Offers Free Rides During Sydney Hostage Crisis After Surge Pricing… NewsFeed
Sydney: Hostages told Australia's channeltennews the gunman claims there are 2 bombs in the cafe and 2 in CBD area
Seven people reportedly taken away on stretchers, with paramedics treating five. SydneySiege
TEN news has received a video in which a lindtcafe hostage relays the gunman's demands. At police request we will not broadcast it.
A picture of the gunman inside Lindt cafe at Martin Place. Updates: SydneySiege
BREAKING: Gunman takes hostages in cafe in Martin Place, Sydney
TV pictures confirm, hostages forced to rise Islamic flag inside Sydney Cafe
Reports police have now identified the hostage taker at SydneySiege. Five hostages have escaped, 15 people are believed still being held.
SYDNEY SIEGE: Gunman forces hostages to hold up ISIS flag in window
CPR being performed on at least 2 after Sydney siege, which has now ended, Australia's ABC reports
Sydney Australia: Not technically ISIS flag but Shahadah flag with Islamic creed on it. Commonly used by militants:
Update: After price hikes, says all rides will be free for passengers leaving SydneySiege area
BREAKING NEWS: SYDNEY SIEGE GUNMAN DOWN.
Gunfire at Sydney cafe where hostages held; report says at least 1 person shot; more hostages flee
BREAKING UPDATE: The latest footage from Sydney siege shows a man holding a female hostage as a human shield. 9News
BREAKING reports sydneysiege appears to be over. Two people are confirmed dead, three in serious condition.
BREAKING: Gunman in SydneySiege has told police he has "devices all over the city" &amp; demands to speak with Prime Minister, acc. to reports.
SydneySiege Latest: - At least 12 ppl have emerged - Police just stormed cafe - Gunman believed to be a self-proclaimed Islamic "sheikh"
Sydney airspace closed, Sydney Opera House evacuated as hostage drama unfolds. ISIS-style flag seen.
Ongoing hostage situation in Sydney café. sydneyseige Australian PM convenes National Security Committee of cabinet
Hostages seen fleeing from cafe at centre of SydneySiege moments ago
This is the scene of the Sydneysiege at the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in MartinPlace | Live blog:
ABC understands the national security committee of cabinet has just wrapped up a meeting about the sydneysiege
BREAKING Reports two customers and an employee have escaped the SydneySiege
Sickening. Stay Safe Sydney. Praying hard for all the hostages inside x
Islamist militants take hostages in Sydney café, display black jihadist flag sydneysiege
We understand there are two gunmen and up to a dozen hostages inside the cafe under siege at Sydney.. ISIS flags remain on display 7News
Uber says it has hiked prices in Sydney to "encourage more drivers to come online &amp; pick up passengers." SydneySiege
Prime Minister Tony Abbott's statement on the SydneySiege. Updates:
Uber criticized for “off the charts” surge pricing during hostage crisis in Australia.
UPDATE: Police have confirmed that live ammunition was used as heavily armed police stormed the café in MartinPl. SydneySiege 9News
Vision now confirms sydneysiege perpetrator is using young woman as a shield as he paces around in view of windows &amp; police outside.
BREAKING NEWS: An armed gunman is holding up to 13 people hostage inside a cafe in one of Sydney's main business areas [Sky News Australia]
Sydney in lockdown as at least one gunman holds several people hostage in a café sydneysiege
MORE: Alleged ISIS Militants Take Hostages In Busy Sydney Cafe -Developing -
BREAKING: Police storm Sydney siege cafe, heavy gunfire heard: Reuters witness and live TV pictures
The US Consulate in Sydney has been evacuated - Statement via
Hostages held in Sydney cafe, Islamic flag seen in window: local TV
Islamic flag flown as 13 hostages in Sydney's CBD forced against windows
Live coverage of the Sydney cafe hostage siege on and at
Bystanders taking selfies at scene of Sydney hostage siege.
FIRST PHOTOS: Hostage pressed against a window. SydneySiege
BREAKING: 2 more people seen fleeing Sydney building at center of hostage drama, bringing total of those who escaped to 5.
At least three hostages flee lindtcafe in Sydney sydneysiege
SYDNEYSIEGE UPDATE: 6th hostage escapes from Lindt cafe MartinPlace
BREAKING: unconfirmed reports contact has been made to a Sydney radio station. martinplace
Further reporting sydneysiege gunman says there are 4 bombs: 2 in cafe and 2 elsewhere in CBD.
BREAKING NSW police have confirmed that the siege is over, but have not commented on injuries sydneysiege
AFTER 16 HOURS SYDNEY SIEGE IS FINALLY OVER.
SydneySiege latest: Reports of an incident at Sydney Opera House
BREAKING NEWS: Flag in Sydney cafe window confirmed to be that of Jabah Al-Nusra, says Islamic terror eert on 7News
BREAKING PHOTO: Gunmen take hostages at Sydney cafe, wave Islamic flag
Hostages held in Sydney cafe, Islamic flag seen in window: local TV
People are being held hostage in a cafe in Sydney. Very worrying!
BBC News - Sydney siege: Hostages held in central cafe sidneysiege
Reports are coming in of a hostage situation at a cafe in the Australian city of Sydney
CEO of Lindt cafe says 40-50 hostages held by 2 gunmen. Significantly higher number than initially thought MartinPlace sydneysiege
RT : Police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in Sydney cafe, police official says. sydneysiege
SYDNEYSIEGE: Contact made with gunman – police report
DEVELOPING: Airspace shutdown over Sydney amid chocolate shop hostage situation; Islamic flag shown in shop's window
This is the exclusion zone currently in place in Sydney's CBD. SydneySiege
SYDNEYSIEGE: Loud bang heard, five more hostages run from Lindt cafe - WATCH LIVE:
Breaking: Hostage situation reportedly unfolding in Sydney chocolate shop
BREAKING: A police officer has sustained a gunshot wound to the head.4 others injured. SydneySiege
"At least 1 gunman" in SydneySiege (image of suspect not verified) No injuries known - police
Fire door is still open. SWAT police at its opening. Three people freed. sydneysiege
Australian police cordon off Sydney street; reports say hostages held in a cafe. Flag in window similar to those used by ISIS militants
Martin Place, Sydney Opera House &amp; State Library evacuated due to sydneysiege follow our blog
The flag in the Lindt cafe window appears to be a Shahada flag, not an Islamic State flag. Live blog: SydneySiege
Deserted grounds of the evacuated Sydney Opera House - More on our LIVE page: sydneysiege
UPDATE: Parts of Sydney locked down amid cafe hostage crisis; Sydney Opera House evacuated
Update: Airspace over Sydney has been shut down. Live coverage: sydneysiege
BREAKING ALERT: Preliminary reports indicate perpetrators appear to be members of ISIS. SydneySiege
US evacuated Consulate in Sydney after sydneysiege. Emergency warning to U.S. citizens urging them to "maintain high level of vigilance".
Say a prayer for those being held hostage in the Lindt cafe in Martin Place, Sydney. sydneysiege
At least five people have been released or escaped from a Sydney cafe where an armed man is holding hostages:
UPDATE: People in Sydney's CBD buildings surrounding Martin Place have reportedly been told to evacuate. 9News
Escaped SydneySiege hostage, Elly Chen, a top student and skilled sportswoman
BREAKING: Hostages are being held and a siege is taking place at Sydney's Lindt Chocolat Cafe in Martin Place.
To recap: police used flash bang grenades, went in shooting. At least one female hostage has been shot. sydneysiege
Sydney 2GB radio shock jock Ray Hadley now retracting many of his earlier claims about SydneySiege. Appalling 'journalism'
7 people left SydneySiege on stretchers, 5 receiving immediate treatment, Australia's ABC reports.
SydneySiege Update: U.S. consulate in Sydney has been evacuated
Reportedly 13 hostages &amp; 2 or more gunmen inside Lindt cafe in Sydney sydneysiege ()
Police stand guard as hostages are held in a cafe in Sydney. Follow AFP's LIVE REPORT:
Sydney cafe in hostage crisis may hold up to 10 staff and perhaps 30 customers, Lindt says
Reports from Sydney, Australia, that a cafe is being held up, ISIS flag displayed, hostages at window. See tweets
BREAKING: Sydney cafe siege: at least five more hostages have either escaped or been released live
Police have identified who the gunman is. He is known to police. NSW Police have asked the ABC not to identify him sydneysiege abc730
LIVE: Police have entered the Sydney cafe where an armed assailant was holding hostages. WATCH
BREAKING : : "At least 1 pol officer injured/4 hostages taken away on stretchers" sydneysiege ()
BREAKING: The gunman behind the SydneySiege has been named as Man Monis
Vision shows three hostage escaping from the Lindt in MartinPlace SydneySiege
Terrifying photo of hostages in Martin Place in Sydney, being held by men waving an ISIS flag
Map shows Martin Place in Sydney where hostages are being held in a cafe
A man believed to be the gunman filmed wearing a black headband inside the cafe
BREAKING: Australian police say SydneySiege is over; cannot confirm status of gunman
BREAKING: Gunman in SydneySiege says he has "devices all over the city," demands to speak with Prime Minister -
BREAKING: 2 more hostages escape Sydney cafe, local media report
BREAKING: Gunfire heard in vicinity of Sydney cafe where hostages are being held, state broadcaster reports.
Reports the SydneySiege gunman wants to speak to Tony Abbott.
BREAKING : Sixth hostage escapes from sydneysiege ()
BREAKING: Flag w/ Islamic writing held up to window of Sydney cafe. Police say up to 50 hostages. Australia PM convenes security team.
Hostages held in Sydney cafe, forced to hold Islamic flag in window:
Five Hostages Escape Sydney Cafe Siege — Live Updates From
BREAKING: Roads closed around MartinPlace in central Sydney amid possible hostage situation.
sydneysiege Update: -5 hostages have escaped -"No one has been injured” per
RT : Terrifying photo of hostages in Martin Place in Sydney, being held by men waving an ISIS flag
More from Sydney: Opera House evacuated; siege continuing; local media reports 13 hostages
BREAKING UPDATE: 2 more hostages leave Sydneysiege site
SYDNEYSIEGE OVER, police confirm. Reports hostage-taker is down
Picture of one of the women seen running from the sydneysiege cafe. She is wearing a uniform with the Lindt logo
SydneySiege: Latest video of hostages escaping.
SydneySiege hostage runs towards police after escaping from cafe
BREAKING: The man at the centre of the sydneysiege has been named as Man Haron Monis ABCNews24
Breaking: Sydney On Lockdown as Dramatic Siege Unfolds sydneysiege
Hostage falls into policeman’s arms after being released SydneySiege
Black flag held by Sydneysiege hostages bears Islamic message of faith (PHOTO: AP/Channel 7)
BREAKING: Five have now escaped a hostage situation at a cafe in downtown Sydney sydneysiege
UPDATE: Police confirm they have made contact with the gunman. There are no reported injuries. 9News
Sydneysiege latest -- Police say no direct contact with gunman, precise number of hostages not known
Uber intros surge pricing in downtown Sydney during hostage siege
Another hostage flees the scene of the sydneysiege | | Courtesy
breaking a number of people appear to have just fled the scene of the Sydneysiege. Lots of screaming.
The flag in the window of the Lindt cafe in Martin Place is not an Islamic State flag. An elanation: SydneySiege
Just in: live feeds appears to show sydneysiege is over, police calmly moving outside cafe, local reporters say gunman down
BREAKING: Two more hostages have just escaped from sydneysiege
BREAKING: Man Monis has been named as the gunman behind the SydneySiege. 9News
Praying for the hostages in Sydney. For speedy rescue and no one harmed. sydneysiege
Photo of one of the Australian jihadists holding13 hostages in under flag of jihad Sydney
UPDATE: Police storm Sydney cafe amid gunshots and elosions:
Paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in MartinPl. SydneySiege 9News
Siege situation currently unfolding at Sydney's Martin Place. Updates here:
SYDNEYSIEGE: 3 people escape gunman-held Lindt Café
UPDATE: 13 people being held hostage in Sydney shop, Opera House evacuated after suspicious package found: reports
BREAKING: Police have confirmed that the SydneySiege is over. 9News
Latest reports are that there 13 hostages being held in the centre of Sydney, by two armed Islamic terrorists. Black Islamic flag in window
Sydney hostage situation. LIVE VIDEO: UPDATES:
The first official statement from regarding the SydneySiege.
Frank Gardner BBC: "There are elements of Four Lions here. The gunman has the wrong flag. He is asking for the ISIL flag to be delivered."
Update - Five hostages have escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney and an unconfirmed number of hostages remain inside sydneysiege
MORE: Police confirm 3 hostages escape Sydney cafe, unknown number remain inside Sydneysiege
Police seem relaxed, suggesting all hostages are out and gunman no longer a threat sydneysiege
BREAKING: Heavily armed police look to be storming the Lindt Café. SydneySiege 9News
Five Hostages Escape Sydney Cafe Siege — Live Updates From
RT : Sydney siege: hostages in Australian cafe forced to hold black and white Islamic flag to windows sydn…
Update: Five hostages escape as a gunman continues siege in Sydney cafe
UPDATE: Reports gunman says four devices are located around Sydney. Security response underway. Police calling for calm. 9News
Sydney hostage situation. LIVE VIDEO: UPDATES:
CORRECTION: We reported earlier Sydney air space was shut down. That is not correct. No Sydney air space has been shut down. SydneySiege
sydneysiege: Police confirm only one armed suspect is holding undisclosed number of hostages at a cafe
An ISIS "lonewolf" has taken around 30 people hostage in a Sydney cafe and demanded to talk to the PM, according to Australian media.
BREAKING : multiple gunshots fired into Lindt cafe sydneysiege ()
BREAKING UPDATE: Gunman demands to speak to Abbott, asks to bring him ISIS flag SydneySiege
Sydney airspace wasn't closed. A second terror suspect wasn't arrested. Myths around sydneysiege debunked.
Sydney cafe siege: Two gunmen and up to a dozen hostages inside the cafe under siege in Martin Place, Sydney. ISIS flags remain in display.
UPDATE: Hostages in Sydney cafe brandishing black Shahada flags, identical to those used by ISIS. -
JUST IN: Lindt's CEO says there could be as many as 50 hostages inside the cafe in Sydney
Fear and relief as these two hostages escape sydneysiege - LIVE:
LIVE: 5 hostages escape sydneysiege, many still in captivity See:
BREAKING NEWS: A SIXTH HOSTAGE HAS NOW ESCAPED FROM THE CAFE IN SYDNEY.
Sydneysiege ends with shootout leaving two dead and more injured
Take a break from bashing Cheney and waterboarding. Possible ISIS terrorist attack ongoing in Sydney.
This black flag bearing Arabic script was held up by two hostages in the cafe. sydneysiege
A closer still caption of Sydneysiege gunman
sydneysiege: Watch the dramatic moment a group of hostages sprinted from the cafe.
BREAKING UPDATE: Gunman says four devices are located around Sydney. Security response underway. Police calling for calm. 9News
Hope all hostages get out this cafe ok! Just seen the gun fire footage in Sydney!
A moron says something nasty about a Muslim on a bus, he's a national trend. An ISIS sympathizer gets violent in Sydney, he's a lone wolf.
To various media people - if you don't know something, say so. Speculation fills airtime but doesn't serve your audience. sydneysiege
illridewithyou: Viral Aussie solidarity amid SydneySiege Islamic State links
Photo Gallery: The latest pictures from Lindt cafe SydneySiege
Australian PM Abbott eected to speak soon on "reported hostage-taking incident" in Sydney, reports -
Australians respond to sydneysiege with illridewithyou hashtag
Today the threat of terrorism is higher than it was 3 yrs ago, a result of support for terror by the US sydneysiege
MORE: Heavily armed police storm the Sydney cafe shortly after 5 or 6 hostages were seen running out:
Heartfelt thoughts with the hostages of the SydneySiege &amp; their families.
RT RT RT : because it seems that some people here need this clarification sydneysiege NotInMyName
People are actually taking selfies on the site of the sydneysiege
SydneySiege no real time operational footage or on the ground movements will be shared by the media to ensure terrorists are not aided.
Sydney hostage crisis: 5 people have escaped, Islamic flag displayed. Our live coverage:
Australian mosque imams refer to SydneySiege as a "criminal act", NOT as a terrorist act. Refuse to renounce JIHAD.
it'll be hard sleeping tonight knowing innocent people not far from me have been in fear for over 11 hours sydneysiege PrayForSydney
A major police operation is under way in Sydney, Australia; police advise avoiding Central Business District.
You gotta admire the ability of Daily Tele editors to resist fads like fact-checking sydneysiege
Such powerful images of hostages escaping, those poor women. And the fear for those still trapped inside Sydneysiege
3 men have arrived at Queens Square to pray for the safe release of the hostages in Martin Place, Sydney.
Again irreligious extremists hold innocent people hostage and hijack Islam. Our prayers with the hostages Sydneysiege ThisIsNotIslam
Sydney is a safe &amp; welcoming city, proud of its diversity. Great to see our best nature on show at a time like this. illridewithyou
As the Sydneysiege drags on and bigotry flares up, Australians are saying illridewithyou in solidarity with the Muslim community.
SYDNEYSIEGE: American readers weigh in with their messages of support.
People being held as hostages does seem a perfect selfie moment . Absolute morons! sydneysiege
Sydney siege has now hit the 12 hour mark – live with latest summary of events
SYDNEY ATTACK LATEST: - 16th hour - 5 people escaped GUNMAN DEMANDS: - Speak to PM - ISIS flag Claims he has 2 bombs with him &amp; 2 in city
I stand in solidarity with Muslim Australians &amp; condemn anyone who uses this as an excuse for Islamaphobia. sydneysiege MartinPlace
I love reading the illridewithyou tweets from Australians in response to anti-Muslim hatred in the midst of sydneysiege. Lovely humanity.
It's early Tuesday in Sydney, crisis in 16th hour, as authorities try to secure safe release of hostages
On the sydneysiege: all our people are safe &amp; accounted for after our Martin Place studios were evacuated. Our thoughts with all involved.
No one fully knows what is happening with the sydneysiege but we do know anti-muslim and ignorant speculation isn't needed.
Sadly, this needs to be pointed out with the amount of Islamophobia that is currently being posted. sydneysiege ”
Hostage situation ongoing in Sydney business district. LIVE: UPDATES:
MASSIVE OPERATION: "Hundreds of armed police have swarmed the area." sydneysiege (LIVE)
UPDATE: The Australian Grand Mufti has strongly condemned the actions of the lone gunman in SydneySiege. 9News
Uber is a pile of garbage.
Please remember that it's an individual causing the sydneysiege not a faith or race. They speak for themselves, nobody else.
The best source for the latest updates on sydneysiege is . Follow , &amp; for transport info
BREAKING NEWS: Australian authorities confirm that the SydneySiege is over and all hostages have been freed...
Its confirmed Sydney terrorists are pious Muslims... That should make happy... "ALL MUSLIMS ARE NOT LIKE THAT" ...
Thinking of everyone in Sydney today x
US soccer has a new First Couple: USWNT's Sydney Leroux &amp; KC's Dom Dwyer (22 goals in '14) (via )
Prayers go out to the hostages in Sydney️
I admire how the Australian police have dealt with sydneysiege so far. Patience. Communication. No bullets fired. US Police - take note.
White ppl, stop paralysis of analysis. All these flags say same thing: ISISaudi=Taliban=Al-Nusra= SydneySiege flag
Thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with Muslims IllRideWithYou sydneysiege
Thinking of everyone involved in Sydney. Hope everyone gets out safely. Send love
Just went past 12 hours since this sydneysiege started. We ALL just want to see everyone out safely. 7News
The SydneySiege has now been going for six hours.
people are being held hostage and the fact that there are people who'd rather celebrate how 5sos aren't in sydney honestly disgusts me
If those hostages could wait for 16 hours without knowing if they'd die, you can wait for an official report on the situation. sydneysiege
New South Wales Police confirms the siege in a Lindt cafe in Sydney is over sydneysiege
just heard about the wretched events going on in sydney.. seeing this hurts because there's just nothing you can do to help.. PrayForSydney
Just wait... Bimbos will find a link to Sydney hostage crisis to RSS or VHP or some Hindu Jagran Manch... Just wait...
Remember, Sydney terrorists have nothing to do with Islam. Now, can someone please translate this flag they're using?
PRAYING FOR SYDNEY AND THE REST OF THE WORLD RN... EVERYONE PLS BE SAFE sydneysiege MTVStars One Direction
In case of queries about Indian nationals following events in Sydney contact Dr Viond Bahade Dy Consul General at phone +61 481 453550
LIVE: "People panicking; told to stay indoors when everyone wants to return home" sydneysiege
BREAKING More than 40 Australian Muslim groups condemn Sydney cafe siege
MOMENTS AGO: Police storm cafe in Sydney where hostages have been held
Hostage-taker appeared 'extremely agitated,' said journalist at scene of Sydney siege:
I'll be honest, the multi-faith prayer vigil is making me a little teary. sydneysiege
It is worth remembering that most boat people are fleeing the same extremists we are fighting in the Middle East sydneysiege
Media Release: Mosques, synagogues and churches open tonight to pray for Sydney hostages and national unity.
Unfortunately this is where Twitter is at it's best and worst. Please don't tweet about sydneysiege with police intel or misinformed rants
The 500,000+ Muslim-Australians are also victims and targets of todays attack. sydneysiege
PM Tony Abbott will hold a press conference on the SydneySiege in 20 minutes.
What we know about suspected hostage taker in Sydney
sydneysiege prayers to those who are held hostage. Family &amp; friends! ️
The gunman is also holding 1.6 billion Muslims hostage. Islam is free from the crimes he's committing against innocents. SydneySiege
Sending all my love to Sydney. Horrible situation... Stay safe everybody.
WATCH LIVE: NBC News special report on latest details of SydneySiege
ISIS beheadings, Boko Haram school attacks, the London beheading, Canadian soldier shot in cold blood, Sydney attack. IsolatedIncidents
Australians respond to racism by telling Muslim community illridewithyou. sydneysiege MartinPlace
SYDNEYSIEGE: Crowd gathers at police cordon in anticipation of news on hostage situation
The media need to take a step back and realize this is people's lives not a Kardashian wedding. sydneysiege
As the sydneysiege continues, three faiths come together to pray for peace at Lakemba mosque. Photo:
Why a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for selfies sydneysiege
Police are requesting that no photos of the Lindt cafe siege are shared on social media MartinPlaceSiege SydneySiege MartinPlace
INSANITY! Jihad comes 2 Australia &amp; Liberal Lunatics are Concerned with Political Correctness!? sydneysiege tcot
.'s report on what we know right now about the sydneysiege:
Such scary news to hear about the sydneysiege. Hoping everyone gets out safely. What a terrible man.
Video of hostages running from SydneySiege cafe
sydneysiege gunman identified by police as well-known Islamist cleric Sheikh Man Haron Monis
Praying for the people of Sydney sydneysiege All we need is peace in this world. Sheesh.
Exclusion zone to remain in place tomorrow - workers based in this area asked to remain home TenNews sydneysiege
All my prayers are going to the hostages in Sydney.. And all not Muslims are terrorists..It's a religion of peace.
That's the Sydney I recognise. RT : This, this is what good people do. sydneyseige MartinPlace
VIDEO: Police storm cafe in Sydney. SydneySiege
Sky News reporter at the scene of the sydneysiege. Live now on Sky News +
The man believed to be holding hostages in Sydney is Man Haron Monis, known as Sheikh Haron, source says
Blame-game, disharmony &amp; hatred against all Muslims is what these fanatics at MartinPlace SydneySiege want! Don't let them win. Prayers
You only look like a fuck wit when you make up stories relating to the sydneysiege - Unless you read it from the police - don't believe it
Sydney seige: Indian Consulate evacuated, staff safe
Lindt Chocolate Cafe Australia issues sydneysiege statement on Facebook:
You can't condemn an entire race, nation or religion based on the actions of a few radicals, please keep that in mind sydneysiege
Sydney residents urged: "Go about your normal business" sydneysiege
At least 5 dead as gunman goes on rampage in PA, suspect reportedly barricaded in a home
Great to see those shitbags at the have completely misread to mood of Sydney and the nation. Completely out of touch
NSW Police: "Police urge the media to be responsible in their reporting. Speculation can cause unnecessary alarm." SydneySiege
If our morons from were in Aus.. they'd hv screamed "9 hours &amp; Modi has done nothing" SydneySiege
The silence you hear is 1,500,000,000 Muslims not renouncing this terror attack. sydneysiege
SydneySiege gunman appears to be using "the wrong flag" says
Breaking News: Police Storm Sydney Cafe Where Hostages Are Held
Thoughts &amp; prayers to all those who have been affected by the SydneySiege today. Sad to see this sort of terror ...
Let's keep in mind that no one associates the KKK with Christianity SydneySiege
BREAKING A police operation is underway in the heart of Sydney's CBD with one block of Martin Place blocked off.
IllRideWithYou: Sydney Stands Up To Racism And Bigotry With One Beautiful Hashtag
If u abuse or target a innocent muslim man or woman in response to what's happening in Sydney you are a moron.
My fellow Australians. Let's stand together against the sydneysiege as well as the hatred against innocent Muslim Australians.
Tonight pray for the hostages and their families in sydneysiege and pray too for the police on whose courage and wisdom so much depends.
An updated map of the Sydney exclusion zone around the hostage site at Martin Pl. sydneysiege
The Sydney attack gunman identified as Sheikh Man Haron Monis SydneyCafeSiege SydneySiege
Deeply proud of our cops and community leaders today and deeply concerned for those still inside. Our prayers are with you. sydneysiege
My thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected in the sydneysiege
NSW Police: "Police urge the media to be responsible in their reporting. Speculation can cause unnecessary alarm." SydneySiege
If Islam is a religion of peace why aren't their extremist extremely peaceful? sydneysiege
I was briefed overnight on the siege in Sydney. It's deeply concerning and my thoughts are with all those caught up in it.
Just in: U.S. Consulate near the scene in Sydney has accounted for all of its personnel:
To the people taking 'selfies' and getting drunk whilst watching the SydneySiege - as if it's a spectator sport - you dickheads
Australians showing us how it's done. Illridewithyou = solidarity and no to racism towards muslim community during Sydney seige
Thoughts go out to the people in Sydney today! Praying for safety to all those being held hostage.
"Police urge the media to be responsible in their reporting", so the Daily Tele produced this. SydneySiege
Our thoughts are with everyone in Sydney. Please don't share any videos or demands from the people involved, the police have requested this.
Latest update on the situation in Martin Place from SydneySiege
Australia's reaction to the sydneysiege is magnificent illridewithyou
Our hearts go out to the people of Australia and all those affected by the SydneySiege.
So sick of this PC society. This sydneysiege is terrorism. Period.
Muslims are getting to crazy!! This shit needs to stop! sydneysiege PrayForSydneyHostages PrayForSydney
Stop racism now. Sydney is a beautiful multicultural city illridewithyou Please share this for me and help Sydney.
Australians start illridewithyou campaign to support Muslims. Sydney SydneySiege SydneyHostageCrisis
Only thing this Murdoch tabloid front page achieves is to further terrorise family members of SydneySiege hostages
Every Australian should be very proud of their police force today. sydneysiege
BREAKING: Australian police confirm Sydney siege is over
Lots of love and prayers for Sydney, I hope everyone's okay MTVStars One Direction
Much love to everyone tweeting illridewithyou. Solidarity. TeamHumanity Australia at its best. sydneysiege
who takes a selfie in the middle of a hostage siege ? well these idiots do sydneysiege
WATCH: " SydneySiege a very disturbing incident" - Australian leader
Police chopper hovers over a deserted Opera House concourse. sydneysiege
SYDNEY TERROR - Heavily-armed police storm cafe - Multiple hostages flee - Hostages seriously wounded - Gunman said to be dead
Rest assured, in a non-judgmental way, we are monitoring Sydney, Australia's ongoing workplace incident.
Muslim extremists are always so open to reason and negotiation. This should end well. sydneysiege
illridewithyou: Australians stand up to racism following sydneysiege
Here's what we do and don't know about the SydneySiege
PM: I was briefed overnight on the siege in Sydney. Deeply concerning and my thoughts are with all those caught up in it.
Can we add Daily Telegraph to suspected terror cells within Aus? Their 2pm edition did more damage than any gunman ever could sydneysiege
Once again the West refuses to call it what it is… Terrorism, pure and simple! sydneysiege
I love illridewithyou. That says Sydney.
An argument breaks out in crowd watching sydneysiege after one man goes on anti-Islamic rant. He's told "Muslims are welcome here mate!"
Outrage as bystanders take selfies at Sydney siege
News Corp seems to be having an internal conflict over whether we "changed forever" today or not. SydneySiege
Be especially kind to each other today, Sydney. Especially to our Muslim friends - don't let good people be judged by the actions of a few.
-1,570,000,000 Muslims in the World -500,000 Muslims in Australia -1 terrorist in SydneyCafe Don't stereotype sydneysiege PrayForSydney
People are actually taking selfies on the site of the sydneysiege
It's nearing midnight in Sydney, where police are preparing to negotiate through the night SydneySiege
Police asking for blackout of social media reporting around delicate terror 'event' in Sydney CBD that can impact tacticals RT plz
What do we know so far about the sydneysiege? Here's everything you need to know:
Massive respect to today. Their professionalism and calmness under such circumstances is amazing. sydneysiege
Sydney trains Train driver here. Never be afraid to let me know if you're having problems. illridewithyou
Any lone nutjob who wants international attention for a crime now just has to wave a black flag around. Voila sydney
Fear is what criminals want. Show no fear. The media must calm down and wait for information, and stop the speculation. Thanks. sydneysiege
Call it extremism. Call it stupidity. But don't call it "Islam". Don't slander a beautiful faith. And I say that as an Hindu. sydneysiege
As we lay down our head in the safety of our homes tonight,countless hostages face an uncertain night. Our thoughts are with U sydneysiege
Images of the SydneySiege
It's things like IllRideWithYou that keep us from completely losing our faith in humanity. SydneySiege
MORE: Police say hostage situation in Sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm downtown cafe:
this photo speaks a thousand words, praying for all people being held hostage sydneysiege SydneyHostageCrisis
Watch: Escaped hostages are helping police create 'peaceful outcome' for Sydneysiege
Islam is a non-violent religion. Don't let a few extremists or the media fool you. SydneySiege
Praying for the hostages, and praying for my religion to one day be free of those who think that Allah demands killing. sydneysiege islam
. says the sydneysiege gunman is reportedly well-known to both police and the media.
Australians say "i'll ride with you," showing solidarity with Muslims amid the Sydney siege
What the hell is wrong with people? "Taking selfies 100m from the Lindt Cafe sydneysiege "
Shocked by events in Sydney. Thoughts are with those affected. We are in close touch with Australian colleagues.
Australian PM Abbott: Motivation of perpetrator in Sydney hostage situation is not yet known -
In case of queries about Indian nationals following events in Sydney contact Dr Vinod Bahade Dy Consul General at phone +61 481 453550
CNN hasn't been able to rule out the Sydney Tea Party in the Australian hostage crisis.
My heart goes out to all involved. Stay strong and be safe Sydney! sydneysiege
JUST IN: White House official: Pres. Obama briefed on hostage situation in Sydney, Australia -
“Very surreal” scenes as Sydney's CBD becomes a ghost town in the wake of the sydneysiege
If you're taking selfies in MartinPlace at the site of the sydneysiege then... I... just... just don't.
BREAKING: Police say the hostage situation in Sydney is over: sydneysiege
Spare a thought for Australia's Muslim community - the vast majority of whom condemn Jihadists' for perverting their religion sydneysiege
Police have confirmed the SydneySiege is now over after more than 16 hours.
Americans saying this would have never happened if citizens had guns: you morons. Guess how many school shootings we have? SYDNEYSIEGE
There's anger after people start taking selfies outside the sydneysiege cafe.
Weep for media credibility. The Australian's was tweeting Channel 9 reports of 2GB Ray Hadley's 'rumours.' SydneySiege
The truth is the Sydney man holding Hostages is not just putting the people in the cafe in danger but the Whole Ummah in Australia &amp; Outside
ISIS is to Islam what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity: An abomination. siege sydneysiege MartinPlace Lindt Islamic
illridewithyou is the best thing to come out of the sydneysiege
In Australia, Sydney siege tests delicate truce with Muslim community, by
a thousand words in one picture. the police have been absolutely amazing today sydneysiege
If you're following the situation in Sydney, I beg that you read this article. Skim it, even. So long as you see it.
Photos, video and live updates from the Sydneysiege, where hostages have been held in cafe:
As SydneySiege hits 5hr mark, thoughts are with hostages but also families who must be slowly realizing their loved one is inside the cafe.
To everyone who's gonna be in Sydney for New Years, be careful!
UPDATE: Jihadist in Sydney standoff identified as Iranian sex assault, murder suspect:
Its grainy but this is the man involved in Sydney siege 9news with updates on who cops think he is &amp; what he wants
Video footage shows police storming Sydney cafe SydneySiege
UK Foreign Office in London: "We are aware of sydneysiege in MartinPlace and are in touch with authorities"
Thoughts are with you Sydney
Walked past the lindt cafe at around 9:20, never would think that this event would occur only minutes later. sydneysiege
UPDATE: Police say Sydneysiege is over
illridewithyou: hashtag offers solidarity with Sydney's Muslims after cafe siege
Australians use IllRideWithYou hashtag in solidarity with Muslims during Sydney siege
Gunfire and elosions have been heard as armed police stormed the Lindt cafe building in Sydney sydneysiege
More than 12 hours on, night falls on Sydney as hostages remain inside cafe. sydneysiege
Plea to media - do not tweet tactical information about police positions in Sydney siege
Authorities have confirmed that sydneysiege is now over after police storm the building:
The AFP have said the hostage taker is monitoring social media, according to Guardian Australia sources. sydneysiege
The Lindt cafe has issued a short statement on the Martin Place siege on Facebook. SydneySiege
We continue to monitor the situation in Sydney closely. I've been in touch with and eressed our thoughts and prayers.
"No contact with SydneySiege armed offender at this stage":
i cant sleep knowing just 15 minutes away innocent people have been hostages for almost 14 hours please pray for the hostages and for sydney
The media need to take a step back and realize this is people's lives not a Kardashian wedding. Facts not fabrications. sydneysiege
A solitary lunatic, with a history of trauma, sexual violence and a shotgun. Not a jihad, just Martin Bryant in a hat. sydneysiege
Dozens of heavily armed police have surrounded the cafe in Sydney's Martin Place. sydneysiege
Australian Muslim youth handed out 2000 flowers and 3600 water bottles to people in sydney illridewithyou
There's been movement at the cafe, the gunman moving a hostage past the window, two more hostages change positions. Not much sleep in there
US police needs to learn from Aussie police in dealing with crisis. Patience and negotiations, not shoot first think later sydneysiege
SYDNEYSIEGE: Police storming Lindt Cafe, paramedics on scene
Police have specifically requested media outlets not report the contents of the conversations with hostages. sydneysiege
Watch gunfire erupt and hostages flee chocolate shop as SydneySiege ends
"Australia is a peaceful, open, generous society and nothing should change that" - PM Tony Abbott on hostage situation at Sydney cafe 7News
BREAKING NEWS: All Qantas flights are diverting around Sydney CBD but are operating as per schedule at this stage
The Muslamic Council have called an emergency meeting to ensure that Muslims &amp; Islam are seen as the victims of the siege in Sydney
To people taking selfies at SydneySiege, When you return home, look at your selfie &amp; see what an unconscious, blithering idiot looks like.
ISIS speaks for all Muslims no more than the Klu Klux Klan speaks for all whites. MartinPlaceSiege auspol sydneysiege sydney siege
"If you use public transport, wear religious attire and don't feel safe" - search the hashtag illridewithyou Get involved Sydney
My prayers go out to everyone who's involved in the disaster in Sydney, hope everyone will get out safe!
Such scary news from Sydney. Thoughts &amp; prayers go out to the hostages &amp; their family's.
An Imam, a Rabbi and a priest have just held a joint prayer session for the hostages at Lakemba Mosque sydneysiege
'Sick' people are actually taking selfies at the site of the sydneysiege
The crowd is full of mouthy young men and old crazy racists. Many have travelled here. Really bringing worst out of Sydney sydneysiege
If SydneySiege is the worst of humanity, then illridewithyou is the best of it. Now THAT is how you respond to hatred.
Gunman in sydneysiege switches off the lights
Suspected jihadist in Sydney standoff ID'd as Iranian sex offender as ordeal enters 15th hour
To American gun nuts eloiting a situation half a world away to push your agenda: you are sick. Bugger off. sydneysiege
This is not going to end well in Sydney . Wake up Britain it's coming here.
WATCH: conference about sydneysiege
Now I've sent it all… father has brought his two young girls to pose and take pictures at hostage scene sydneysiege
The sydneysiege has now entered its 14th hour. Police are still doing "all they can" |
From this Muslim: The Australians tweeting illridewithyou are my brothers and sisters. The gunman and his sympathizers are my enemies.
What's happening in Sydney will happen in the uk it's inevitable, and our political leaders will have blood on their hands
Sydney kidnap black flag: "There is no God but Allah , , ," Clear evidence, if evidence were needed, that religion is not involved.
The moment SydneySiege came to an end
We are calling on all to PrayForHostages &amp; that Australia will not be hostage to fear &amp; hate. sydneysiege
North East doesn't get reported because it's far off from main cities, editors argue. Guess Sydney is closer to India than Imphal.
US Consulate in Sydney issues emergency message to US citizens to "maintain a high level of vigilance" due to hostage situation -
90,000+ Tweets for illridewithyou, 1,100 per minute. Trending number 1, globally. SydneySiege
Sending love to Sydney. illridewithyou sydneysiege
The SydneySiege perpetrators target all citizens, irrespective of their faith. So please cut it out with the anti-Muslim bigotry on Twitter
sydneysiege Australians rally against Islamophobia with illridewithyou hashtag
SydneySiege is over - New South Wales Police Force tweets
.: Our hearts and prayers go out to those who are being held hostage. Sydney
A police operation is underway in Martin Place, Sydney's CBD. People are advised to avoid the area.
Mass disbelief: crowds looking anxiously, down Martin Place. sydneysiege
All these people offering a ride with Muslims. Know that whats done was by idiots not Muslims. sydneysiege
Australian Muslim community releases statement in response to sydneysiege.
So sydneysiege is just the beginning. Terrorist sympathetic group is running campaign in support of Mehdi Masroor.
My Thoughts and Prayers go out to everyone involved in sydneysiege may there be a peaceful outcome.
The SydneySiege has been going on for over 13 hours. It is now 11:05pm local time in Sydney.
Dont you dare blame zayn for whatever is happening is sydney. 'terrorist' is not just a word you can throw around like this. Grow up.
NSW Transport Management has just told Seven News everyone in CBD of Sydney should now leave if they're able.
Follow and our LIVE page for more updates on sydneysiege Lindt
A crowd gathers near Martin Place. sydneysiege
IllRideWithYou: 'Sydney Stands Up To Racism And Bigotry With One Beautiful Hashtag'
This is the world we now live in. Literally metres from the Cafe with phones &amp; cameras out. sydneysiege
SydneySiege gunman ‘has improvised elosive device’
Unless you work in an exclusion zone, please go about tomorrow as you normally would. Exclusion zones can be found at
Sadly, this needs to be pointed out with the amount of Islamophobia that is currently being posted. sydneysiege
If you are in Sydney near Martin Place, do NOT tweet police movements, or mention them anywhere else.
“This is obviously a deeply concerning incident,” Australian Prime Minister says on unfolding situation in Sydney.
Police outside the Lindt cafe in Martin Place. Photo by Fairfax photographer Daniel Munoz. SydneySiege
Infographic of the flag being shown in Martin Place, as compared to flags used by IS &amp; others. Via sydneysiege
SYDNEY ATTACK - Hostages at Sydney cafe - 13 hostages - 2 gunmen - Hostages seen holding Arabic flag Stay with for the latest.
Thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with Muslims.. IllRideWithYou sydneysiege
. will not confirm how many sydneysiege hostages left in lindtcafe
Australian Muslim community releases statement in response to sydneysiege.
. reporter describes the scene outside Lindt cafe in sydneysiege
No matter how much you try to bring us down, one thing about Australian's is we ALWAYS stand together! SydneySiege
Have just spoken with leaders of Sydney's valued Islamic community. Appreciated their support and reassured them we're in this together.
It's a shame that Australians gave up all their guns on orders of the government. Now only ISIS lunatics are armed. sydneysiege
So a Rabbi, Imam &amp; Priest walk into a mosque. The punchline: a powerful &amp; beautiful stand of solidarity. SydneySiege
Breaking News: SydneySiege is over, according to police.
BREAKING NEWS UPDATE: Police storm Sydney café to end hostage-taking SydneySiege
Crucial things to consider when watching breaking news. Sydney
Australian police and media denying the Sydney gunman precisely what he wants: free publicity. Very controlled coverage. Spot on. Well done.
Sitting in Melbourne watching what's going on in Sydney...I bloody hope it ends ok for those poor people! Disgusting behaviour!
BREAKING: Police say Sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours.
In the past 2 hours there have been more than 40,000 mentions of illridewithyou sydneysiege
This is so gross (via ) sydneysiege
To the tourists taking selfies outside the SydneySiege - how would you like to be in that café?
Cafés around the area letting us charge phones and handing out water. This is the best side of Sydney. sydneysiege
BREAKING: Australian National Imams Council condemns Sydney siege
So the flag didn't tip you off? Australian police: "We have not confirmed this is terror-related event" sydneysiege
BREAKING: Sydney hostage situation is over, say
BBC's Frank Gardner on SydneySiege: "This is not a sophisticated siege...the gunman has got the wrong [Islamic] flag" r4today
As reports come in from Sydney, remember that news outlets will get things things wrong.
Call it extremism. Call it hatred. But don't call it "Islam". Don't slander a beautiful faith. And I say that as a Christian. sydneysiege
Too bad you can't take selfies of your character. sydneysiege selfie
Praying for the hostages and family's in Sydney
The sydneysiege just entered its 14th hour. Love &amp; prayers to the hostages and their families. Stay Strong.
Please do not use today as an excuse to be racist and bigoted. Ignoring the Telegraph would be a good start. sydneysiege auspol
BREAKING: Sydney terror suspect is Iranian Shi'ite, claims to have 'converted to Islam' a week ago on website.
If Sydney had been Texas 10 customers would have drawn guns the moment the ISIS terrorist walked in... 2A
Muslim- a follower of the religion of Islam. Terrorist- a person who engages in inhumane and violent acts. Not the same sydneysiege
BREAKING: Sydneysiege latest: * Armed police have stormed cafe * Multiple hostages freed * Paramedics entered scene
illridewithyou: How Australians are responding to the sydneysiege
The Australian Muslim community love their home and worked hard to dispel myths. I hope they do not suffer because of this. sydneysiege
I guess when police told the media not to name the gunman they actually meant "please put his name and face on the front page"? sydneysiege
Really hope sydneysiege hostage are rescued. But worth noting most jihadi victims are Muslims
I'm confused. Did nothing or everything change? Don't mess with me News Corp! I need answers! auspol sydneysiege
A Muslim woman took her scarf off out of fear after the Sydney Siege But she's comforted by strangers illridewithyou
Sydney siege on all day, but we haven't seen any TV reporters hyperventilating, or using words like exclusive, breaking news. Lazy Aussies?
WATCH: The dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the Sydney cafe
The fact that Harry tweeted about Sydney, just proves how much he cares. Love that boy sydneysiege
Why a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for selfies. sydneysiege
Thoughts and prayers this morning with those affected by what is happening in Sydney
The crowd and media at Martin Place. Photo by MartinPlaceSiege sydneysiege
Thinking of everyone in Sydney. Hope you all get home safe and sound xx PrayForSydney
Important things to remember during sydneysiege - thanks to
Police have asked media outlets not to reveal the demands the hostage taker has made. SydneySiege
UPDATE: A woman who managed to scramble from the SydneySiege appears understandably to be still in shock. 9News
The fact that I see "thank god 5sos and 1d aren't in Sydney" pisses me off even more. Stop being ignorant and disrespectful.
I'm not Australian but I'm so happy there are people like this in the world. sydneysiege illridewithyou
Suspect in Sydney cafe siege identified as Man Haron Monis, an Iranian granted asylum in Australia
Subscribe to our sydneysiege Twitter list for more updates:
Australian prime minister Tony Abbott to hold news conference live on Sky News at 1.30am GMT about ongoing Sydney hostage situation
These people are taking selfies on the scene of the sydneysiege.
You say not all Muslims are monsters. Imagine a bowl of M&amp;Ms. 10% are poisoned. Would you eat a handful? sydneysiege
Just seen the scenes from Sydney. Tho gets with the people &amp; their families of those inside the cafe at the moment.
Did somebody forget to tell that radical Islamist that guns are banned in Australia?!?! BadGuysDontFollowGunLaws. sydneysiege
A map of the SydneySiege location at Martin Place in Sydney's CBD, and some of the surrounding prominent buildings.
VIDEO: Watch the dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed the Lindt Chocolate Cafe sydneysiege ABCNews24
If terrorism thrives on publicity, then the media has mostly played to script writes: sydneysiege
BREAKING: Australian police have named the suspect in the Sydney siege: Islamic leader Sheik Man Haron Monis
Don't forget, at this moment, there are thousands of Muslims in Australia rejoicing sydneysiege MartinPlace Auspol
Beautiful: Sydney stands up to racism &amp; bigotry with one hashtag: illridewithyou (Via )
NSW Premier Mike Baird says his thoughts and prayers are with the people in the sydneysiege.
A crazy world we live in. A hostage crisis metres away &amp; peoples' 1st thought is "let's take a selfie" sydneysiege
BBC ideal headline "Devout Muslim trapped by coffee extremists in Sydney" dhimmis
While all eyes on sydneysiege - 5 shot dead in Philadelphia, in the much bigger acceptable terrorism of US gun crime
thinking of the people in Martin Place in Sydney right now, and for the police, etc having to deal with the situation. so terrifying
Two young guys have arrived and are swigging from bottles of white wine. This is a hostage situation sydneysiege
The Sydney Harbour Bridge is NOT closed. There was an accident on the Cahill Eressway, unrelated to the SydneySiege.
Sending love Sydney. Stay patient..need everybody safe &amp; a peaceful resolution . illridewithyou
Thinking about all my mates in Sydney. Hope everyone is okay.
A female hostage stands by the front entrance of the cafe as she turns the lights off in Sydney. sydneysiege
Press Council confirms it has received complaints about Telegraph's "Death Cult" sydneysiege afternoon front page
Thoughts also with the Muslim community whose name and religion has again been hijacked against their will. sydneysiege notintheirname
Australians take to social media to support Muslim Australians SydneySiege illridewithyou
VIDEO: Hostages flee from Sydney cafe:
BREAKING: Sydney hostage-taker believed to be self-styled Muslim cleric facing string of violent charges.
Outrage as bystanders take selfies at SydneySiege (via )
Everyone please read this PrayForSydney illridewithyou sydneysiege
PM Tony Abbott has just provided an update on SydneySiege. Here's the transcript:
My thoughts go out to the people of Sydney.
If you're outraged at the Telegraph's irresponsible reporting of sydneysiege, complain to the press council here.
My thoughts are with the hostages, their families and everyone in Sydney right now.
Prophet Muhammad said: He will not enter Paradise whose neighbor is not secure from wrongful acts. illridewithyou sydneysiege
"thank god 5sos arent in sydney" woah wait youre think about a band not being there rn when innocent people are in danger ffs
Hostage siege selfies RT: : The punters are back taking selfies 100m from the Lindt Cafe sydneysiege
If you are ignorant, this is the most important thing you will see today. sydneysiege
I BEAT THE FUCK OUT OF THAT FUCKING JABRONI IN THE AUSTRALIA sydneysiege
Haron Monis,the true Muslim,who believes in Allah &amp; Muhammad,is terrorizing Sydney, murdered his ex-wife,committed multiple sexual assaults.
People evacuating via small ladders (above the Lindt cafe) sydneysiege MartinPlaceSiege Photo by
Please, please, please read these tips for major news stories, especially when lives are at stake. sydneysiege
and then came illridewithyou - people offering to accompany those who fear for their safety on public transport hope sydneysiege
BREAKING: Police say the hostage situation in the Sydney cafe has ended.
The illridewithyou hashtag is taking off in support of Muslims riding on Sydney transport and it's beautiful:
A Muslim lady took off her scarf out of fear after the Sydney Siege &amp; is comforted by strangers. illridewithyou
11:11 - My wish is that this hostage situation in Sydney ends without anyone getting hurt !!
Just really, really want this sydneysiege to be over. Those poor people
Are you extending a friendly hand on public transport tonight? illridewithyou is one good thing out of sydneysiege at least
I just found this and never have I ever seen such a thing. Sending all my love and support to Sydney. illridewithyou
All my thoughts &amp; prayers are with the people of Sydney.
This Facebook post about Australia &amp; sydneysiege is absolutely worth reading illridewithyou
Follow all of the latest updates on sydneysiege on our live blog
He's a man, we don't blame all men. He has a gun, we don't blame all gunowners. He's a Muslim, we should not blame all Muslims. sydneysiege
FUCK THE MONDAY AND THE FUCKING AUSTRALIA TERRORIST FOREVER sydneysiege
How does the world battle terrorism when the very ideology behind it is exempt from criticism. sydneysiege
Respect to the people of Sydney for showing us that solidarity is the best way to deal with extremism illridewithyou
We have no info, police want calm, everything is speculation, and this paper wants more sales. sydneysiege
This made me tear up, I am SO proud to be Australian. NOWLETOURMATESGO sydneysiege
Sydney siege ongoing; PM says unclear if politically motivated. Our latest update sydneysiege
even if you aren't Australian, please spare a thought for those who have been held hostage for hours in Sydney, just a simple thought.
A kind lady named Mica drove me home after a cab that we shared from Sydney'sCBD wasn't able to drop me off all the way home illridewithyou
Can't believe what's happening in Sydney... Just hoping that no one gets hurt.
I condemn people who hijack my religion. It will make Australian Muslim's lives harder. You hate terrorists, I hate them more sydneysiege
More than 40 Australian Muslim groups have jointly condemned the Sydneysiege
faith in humanity restored. sydneysiege
The sydneysiege has entered its 12th hour. Thoughts to the hostages and their loved ones.
IllRideWithYou starts on social media in response to SydneySiege, showing support to Muslims:
As people attempt to sleep tonight our thoughts are with those involved in the SydneySiege. Praying we wake up to good news tomorrow. ️
Australia's reaction to the sydneysiege is magnificent. illridewithyou
Mother gets heartbreaking text from son: ‘'Mum, I'm in the cafe. I'm OK, can't talk' SydneySiege
I applaud how the Australian police have dealt with sydneysiege so far. Patience. Communication. No bullets fired. US Police - take note.
In the 12 hours everyone has focused on the hostage situation in Sydney 40 more Americans died from gunshots. gunsense
As the have asked: if you're in the Sydney CBD just to check out the SydneySiege at MartinPlace, you should go home.
A post of what we actually do know about the Lindt Sydney siege. It is not very long.
Grand Mufti Prof. Ibrahim Abu Mohamed has condemned the siege in Sydney as a "criminal act" denounced by Islam 7News
Just went past 12 hours since this sydneysiege started. We are thinking of the hostages and their families at this time.
A siege in Sydney suggests a new trend in jihadist violence may have reached Australia
Central Sydney is in lockdown amid a developing hostage crisis
BREAKING: Police have confirmed Sydney hostage taking is over. Sydneysiege
Dear Media, You might want to know that Imphal has more Indians than Sydney and there has been a terror attack there too.
Join us in praying for Sydney right now and the safety of those involved in the current situation. Pray for peace. PrayForSydney
Every non-muslim in the world must watch this video &amp; show it every other non-muslim! sydneysiege
"Sydney Siege: Australians Rally Against Islamophobia With illridewithyou Hashtag"
If anything positive can come from today’s events, it’s this: illridewithyou campaign sydneysiege
14 Dec: Australian Muslim youth handed out 2000 flowers and 3600 water bottles to ppl in sydney illridewithyou
Breaking News - no new development on sydneysiege. We go live to the scene. Reporter, what can you tell us? Nothing. More soon.
The Grand Mufti of Australia issues a statement condemning the sydneysiege
Canada's thoughts and prayers are with our Australian friends. MartinPlace SydneySiege
Australians tweet illridewithyou to support Muslims fearing an anti-Islam backlash from the Sydney hostage siege
illridewithyou: hashtag offers solidarity with Sydney's Muslims after cafe siege sydneysiege
Prayers needed for the situation happening in Sydney right now.
Things getting ugly... A racist bloke yelling at rest of the crowd, "Muhammed is a pedophile, rapist" sydneysiege
The SydneySiege has entered its 14th hour – WATCH for LIVE updates with . 9News
Australia has a long history of terrorism (the use of violence in the pursuit of political aims).... SydneySiege
friendly reminder. sydneysiege
our pray for Banjarnegara landslide and hope everything back to normal. and our thoughts are with Sydney. hope everybody gets out safely
Sydney hostage situation. LIVE VIDEO: - via UPDATES:
All quiet again after multiple gunshots in MartinPlace. No word on whether hostages are free SydneySiege
BREAKING: Gunman alleged to have taken hostages in sydneysiege identified as Man Haron Monis, official tells CNN
The SydneySiege only works to sabotage the message Islam.
Best wishes to the peeps in Sydney. D:
Meanwhile, in the Sydney CBD extremist lunatics hellbent on the destruction of modern Australia released a 2pm edition of their newspaper.
Why the hashtag SydneySiege? There are a few places in the world that are actually under siege. Sydney is not one of them.
Man Haron Monis is believed to be the man behind the sydneysiege, his former lawyer says likely he acted alone .
A Muslim,a Jew &amp; a Christian walk into a bar.Except it's an interfaith solidarity stand against bigotry in Sydney. ️
Indians : OMG OMG. Can't believe this. God is Cruel. sydneysiege Today, Bomb Blast in Imphal. Indians: Where is Imphal?
Police have allowed me back into Martin Place newsroom - gunman is clear - white shirt, black cap, unshaven, holds poss pump action shotgun
If this man was a Christian we would be focusing on his mental health not his religion. Why not now? sydneysiege MartinPlace Islamic
"Thank god 5sos aren't in Sydney" Why do you have to make everything about them? The hostages lives are just as important as theirs
SYDNEY SIEGE ENDS: - After 16 hours - 2 dead - 3 injured - Status of gunman unknown -1 officer injured Stay with for the latest.
RT : Just really, really want this sydneysiege to be over. Those poor people
Reports: Alleged Sydney hostage taker was charged as accessory to ex-wife's murder
I'd love it if we never publicly identify this crazed sydneysiege gunman. No name. No photo. No infamy. Just forever a nobody.
Name of sydneysiege gunman has been revealed-a man w/violent history of 50 sexual assault charges &amp; on bail, charged w/murder of ex wife.
PM Abbott: Our thoughts and prayers must above all go out to the individuals that are caught up in this. SydneySiege
'Scared for those inside' - The BBC speaks to eyewitnesses near sydneysiege on MartinPlace
Just fyi, if you're using a hostage situation to justify your racism and Islamophobia you're using the same tactics as jihadis sydneysiege
Sydney siege: Australians use Twitter to counter Islamophobia - illridewithyou
An Imam, a Rabbi and a priest have held a joint prayer session for the cafe hostages, at Lakemba Mosque sydneysiege
When the 5 hostages escaped, the gunman could be seen from here getting extremely agitated, shouting at remaining hostages
RT : If the black flag seems familiar, it's because it was also flying during Gaza protests in Sydney
I suggest all people planning on going to the city in Sydney on New Years Eve to not. It's too risky at this point!
We condemn the actions of the criminals at martinsplace sydneysiege Islam is free from terrorism. Visit:
My thoughts are with all the Muslim Australians having to deal with the Islamaphobia around the sydneysiege promoted by media etc
Very little movement at the Lindt Cafe. One person, we believe to be the gunman, walking toward back office. He is carrying an iPad
My thoughts are with you Sydney ️
Abbott Govt MP using ongoing SydneySiege terror to smear MP. Resign now you disgusting turd
Careful what you post about Lindt Sydney siege; it feeds into bad guys' actions/reactions. Emergency responders need clear air.
i love this. sydneysiege PrayForSydney australia
All my thoughts are with Sydney right now. Scary, sad, day.
A radical Muslim wants to chop off your head. A moderate Muslim wants a radical Muslim to chop off your head. sydneysiege
illridewithyou trends globally amid fears of reprisal atacks over Sydney hostage standoff
Australians offering support to Muslims on public transport who fear racist abuse using the illridewithyou hashtag. sydneysiege
Aussie Muslim Mullah on brings up 'Australia's Foreign Policy' in discussion over SydneySiege. Shame for indulging him.
I love that things like this end up trending worldwide!!! This is so beautiful ️ illridewithyou
Stop saying we only care about the Sydney siege because it's 5sos' home. We care because it's our fucking country you rude pricks
"You never see non-Muslims do things like this." SydneySiege
Female hostage appears to turn off the lights at the Lindt Cafe tonight. sydneysiege
SydneySiege: Prayers for the wounded hostages.
Emergency Svcs continue to line the streets of central Sydney. No specific threat, but they're poised. sydneysiege
Coquitlam crews are on Sydney Ave after a male was thrown off a 3 story balcony. PD say on arrival male is conscious &amp; smoking a cigarette
A gutless prick with a gun is trying to provoke the worst in us. Instead, he's inspired the best in us. I love you, Sydney. illridewithyou
Saying every Muslim is a terrorist is like saying every Christian is a member of the Klu Klux Klan.Completely untrue and unfair sydneysiege
RT : Just really, really want this sydneysiege to be over. Those poor people
LIVE: Updates on SydneySiege via BBC
Every citizen of Sydney has an obligation to help Police etal maintain operational security around Lindt Cafe. Do NOT tweet Police moves
you don't realise what a privilege it is to be sleeping comfortably in your own bed until such horrific things are happening sydneysiege
Shocked and disgusted about what's happening in Sydney... Those poor people trapped in that cafe.. illridewithyou
So sydneysiege gunman turns out to be a self styled Godman,a lunatic with interests in numerology, black magic and cases of sexual assault
JUST IN: US Consulate in Sydney issues emergency message to US citizens to "maintain a high level of vigilance" due to hostage situation.
Gunman in Sydneysiege identified as Muslim cleric and activist unaffiliated with an organization or party:
My hometown, Sydney, just showed the world how to face terrorism and fear. I'm moved to tears. illridewithyou
'I'll ride with you' Australia unites during SydneySiege
The fact that "any religious loner could do this" is exactly what ISIL aims to inspire, it's their modus operandi SydneySiege
Please don't post /share tactical information/police movements on social media! sydneysiege
BREAKING: Terrorist involved in Sydney siege is 50 year old Iranian known as 'Sheikh Haron'.
Thoughts and prayers with everyone involved in this terrible situation in Sydney right now. peace
BREAKING: SydneySiege ends after 16 hours, police reportedly used live ammunition, number of wounded unconfirmed
If you have any lingering doubts that the threat of radical Islam is global as well as lethal ... via
Press Council confirms "at least one" complaint against Daily Telegraph sydneysiege special
Australians unites against racism with illridewithyou following sydneysiege
What is happing in sydneysiege has nothing to do with islam. These terrorist groups do NOT represent Islam at all.
Horrifying news about Sydney hostages Please remember to ONLY blame the individuals involved not the religion they claim to operate under
"thank god 5sos aren't in sydney" YEAH WELL PEOPLE'S FAMILIES ARE IN THAT CAFE YOU DICK
Just found an elanation of the illridewithyou hashtag that has came from the Sydney hostage situation- very moving
SydneySiege is likely being carried out by a 'lone wolf' with minimal links to organized terror groups, eert says
Before, during, and after the sydneysiege. Muslims are Australian. PrayForSydney
Our thoughts are with the people of Sydney tonight. Let's hope we all wake up to a good news story tomorrow ️
Religious leaders meet at Lakemba mosque in Sydney to pray for hostages sydneysiege
Heartbreaking &amp; beautiful story of how amazing Muslim-Support Hashtag illridewithyou emerged , way to go Sydney!
Sydney siege highlights rise of Islamist extremism in Australia
I just pray for a peaceful safe resolution for all involved in Sydney tonight.
Australian Muslim community releases statement in response to sydneysiege.
If the black flag seems familiar,it's because it was also flying during Gaza protests in Sydney that went unnoticed.
If you're from Sydney please stay safe! all the love. xx PrayForSydneyHostages illridewithyou
"Keep Calm And Don’t Speculate: How To Be Helpful On Social Media Today" sydneysiege
Australia's reaction to the sydneysiege is magnificent illridewithyou
Btw, how come no "professionally" secular voice has blamed RSS for the Sydney terror plot so far? Is Lutyens zone waking up late today??
illridewithyou . Sydney, you're amazing
To any American tweeting about how sydneysiege could have been averted if we carried guns. No -- imagine how much worse it could have been.
All our love, support and prayers to Sydney &lt;3
Are you in Sydney? Have you witnessed the MartinPlaceSiege? Tweet us NOW at sydneysiege
Number of hostages taken by the Amish today: Zero. &lt;--This is what a religion of peace looks like. sydneysiege
IllRideWithYou: Sydney Stands Up To Racism With One Beautiful Hashtag -
My thoughts and prayers to the hostages, their families and friends. sydneysiege
Thoughts and prayers for a peaceful resolution to the current situation in Sydney. sydneysiege
"We don't know motivation of sydneysiege perpetrators yet" - Australian leader Tony Abbott
Narendra Modi tweets about Sydney Siege! Not a word about Manipur Blast! If only Manipur was not in India, he would have showed concern
Praying for the people kept hostage in Lindt cafe Sydney
hats off to you guys, you're awesome, faith in humanity restored sydneysiege illridewithyou
LIVE: Sydney Opera House cancels performances in light of sydneysiege events
Instead of calling the Sydney cafe terrorist 'the terrorist',BBC is calling him 'the gunman'. Even after he showed his black terrorist flag.
Australia's PM says there are "some indications" the Sydney siege may be politically motivated
"I used to be a Rafidi." | Sydneysiege gunman is an Iranian-born cleric who converted from Shia to Sunni Islam.
Terrible scenes in Sydney at the moment. I prey it ends peacefully
The police man's like, "It's alright. I got you, I got you." Stay strong Australia ️ sydneysiege PrayForSydney
Police are requesting that no photos are shared on social media MartinPlaceSiege SydneySiege MartinPlace
Is the Sydney hostage taker a Muslim because of the flag hoisted?
Sydneysiege authorities request media to show restraint. not give out details of even gunman's demands or operations (worth emulating)
A hostage situation at a Sydney cafe has come to an end, after police stormed the scene. Live updates: Sydneysiege
Glad to hear the sydneysiege is over, but saddened that it even happened to begin with. My heart goes out to all those affected.
Flags by terrorists in Sydney cafe read "there is no God but Allah, Mohammed is the messenger of Allah",but dare u bring religion into this!
DO NOT TWEET POLICE MOVEMENTS. Don't tweet photos of police, their faces, their location, anything. Seriously. It's simple sydneysiege
Sydney residents pledge on twitter illridewithyou on public transport to keep Muslims safe against possible reprisals over sydneysiege
SydneySiege UPDATE: Gunman identified as local resident Man Monis, has police records
This is a man with a gun. Not a religion. This is a man with a gun. Not a people. He is no more powerful than we let him be. sydneysiege
The moment the sydneysiege started. Seems so long ago. Praying it ends soon.
Beautiful: As terror attack in Sydney is ongoing, ppl offer rides 2Muslims being abused on transport illridewithyou
I condemn the Sydney cafe siege of innocent civilians ... such terrorism and negativity has no place in 21st century civilization.
Daily Telegraph sydneysiege front page with comment piece "The instant we changed forever"
RT : Religious leaders meet at Lakemba mosque in Sydney to pray for hostages sydneysiege
Idiots tagging me,blaming "Australian foreign policy" for sydneysiege WTF has Lindt chocolate got to do with anything? No excuse for terror
You know if we manage to turn the SydneySiege into a positive force of community this man will have achieved the opposite of his intentions
'Sick' people are actually taking selfies on the site of the sydneysiege
Do the math. Stop the conflation and collateral indictment of Muslim Australians. sydneysiege
If you're wondering whether to go to work tomorrow here is a mp of the sydneysiege exclusion zone:
Mosques, synagogues and churches are inviting the public to pray for Sydney hostages tonight. sydneysiege
illridewithyou Australians rally against Islamophobia sydneysiege
WH now confirming with me President Obama HAS been briefed on sydneysiege by Homeland Security and Counterterrorism chief Lisa Monaco
“: Thanks for protecting my sisters illridewithyou ” big love and prayers for australia sydneysiege
Re: sydneysiege, please remember there are $1.6bn muslims in the world &amp; &gt;99.9999% of them will be just as appalled by this as you.
Dear God, Please protect and bless The hostages in Sydney. Pour forth Your Light And work a miracle. May sanity...
To Americans saying the sydneysiege wouldn't be happening if citizens had gun rights... You're right, it'd probably be a massacre instead.
IllRideWithYou: where people offer to accompany people who fear for their safety on their train/bus trip home gives me hope. SydneySiege
Praying for the safety of all emergency services involved in the operation in Sydney CBD &amp; those inside the cafe
don't go around saying all muslims are terrorists and blaming us for what had happened in sydney bcs real muslims don't kill
Sydney siege ends as police storm Lindt Cafe and hostages run out
RT : Every Australian should be very proud of their police force today. sydneysiege
No degree of hate or Islamophobia will strip Muslim Australians of either half of their identity. sydneysiege
LIVE: Infosys employee among hostages at Sydney cafe
Mosques, synagogues, churches hold unity prayers sydneysiege
The biggest challenge now is to insulate our youth from the influence of the IS. sydneysiege
SYDNEY ATTACK LATEST: - 8th hour - 5 people escaped GUNMAN DEMANDS: - Speak to PM - ISIS flag Claims he has 2 bombs with him and 2 in city
Why are ppl tap dancing around what is LIKELY happening in Sydney? Are we worried we may offend a terrorist? Prayers. SydneySiege
The sydneysiege is terrifying. But attacking and abusing Muslims is EXACTLY what ISIS wants. We need to pull together, not apart.
sydneysiege sydneycafesiege our thoughts and prayers r w all Australians tonight. America will NEVER forget that u stood w us after 9/11
Latest footage from sydneysiege shows security forces throwing objects into the cafe
Shameful tourists take selfies at scene of SydneySiege
DEVELOPING: Major police operation underway at Martin Place in Sydney's central business district, police tell News.
Yes, people are taking selfies as dozens are held hostage at a Sydney cafe nearby
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott addressing incident in Sydney. Watch live on CNNgo.
I could not be prouder of all of you. I love this country. Australia AustraliaStrong illridewithyou Sydney
STAND WITH AUSTRALIA-one monarch, one lanaguage, shared culture &amp; history Live Sydney updates
illridewithyou is the best thing to come out of the sydneysiege
RT sydneysiege continues, three faiths come together to pray for peace, Lakemba mosque.
NSW police commissioner: Suspect holding "undisclosed" number of hostages in Sydney; situation contained -
There are no verses in the Quran about Me wanting anyone to hold hostages in a chocolate shop in Sydney, you terrorist fucks.
From inside Martin Place newsroom we can see gunman is rotating hostages, forcing them to stand against windows, sometimes 2 hours at a time
We are being tested today in Sydney. But whatever the test, we will face it head-on. And we will remain a strong, democratic, civil society.
OMG really ?? and we wonder why the world thinks americans are morons. sydneysiege
The Lebanese Muslim Association has issued a statement condemning sydneysiege and calling for calm.
thoughts with the hostages and their families. prayers for a peaceful ending. sydneysiege
This is so depressing. Americans respond to sydneysiege:
because it seems that some people here need this clarification sydneysiege NotInMyName
illridewithyou Compassion of a nation will trump an individual's attempt at terror. Australia sydneysiege
Australian Police Operation Under Way In Sydney
Praying for Sydney. Also thank heavens for streaming foreign networks because American media is completely MIA.
illridewithyou is the best thing to come out of all the shit that happened in Sydney today. Proud to see Aussies looking after eachother.
Who are Australia's radicalised Muslims? sydneysiege MartinPlaceSiege Lindt
About 50 Australian Muslim groups issue statement condemning SydneySiege
Religious symbols are being hijacked once again by those who wish to further their own political agendas. sydneysiege
Praying for all still being held hostage xxx sydneysiege
We love the illridewithyou initiative. Spread love and compassion. Thoughts are with all those affected. sydney
Thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with Muslims. IllRideWithYou sydneysiege
Muslim community reacts with 'horror, aversion' to SydneySiege, reports
'Sick' people are actually taking selfies at the site of the sydneysiege
50 charges of sexual assault against Sydney hostage-taker
Tony Abbott: "We are a free, open and generous people and today we have responded to this in character." SydneySiege
Because narcissism doesn't take a break These people are taking selfies on scene of the sydneysiege
God bless all the hostages being held in Sydney today .. I pray that this all ends well and nobody gets hurt !!
The punters are back taking selfies 100m from the Lindt Cafe sydneysiege
BREAKING: Police say SydneySiege is "over," fate of remaining hostages is unknown
. NOT showing live pics of sydneysiege to protect police &amp; hostages. Unless noted, images are recorded. Anchors are live. Australia
Gunfire and elosions were heard at the cafe moments after a group of hostages ran from the building. sydneysiege
Media Guide to Crime Aboriginal = it's cultural Muslim = it's terrorism Christian = it's mental illness sydneysiege MartinPlace siege
People taking selfies in front of the SydneySiege - you need to take a long hard look at yourselves, and not through your phone.
IllRideWithYou shows support for Australian Muslims as SydneySiege drags on
Australian PM Tony Abbott says it is unclear if sydneysiege is politically motivated
Who is Sheikh Man Haron Monis and why was he known to police and the media? sydneysiege
Amid Sydney cafe siege, Australians use social media to offer to accompany fearful Muslims:
hope they'll be safe. I'm at the opposite of the world but I'll pray for you, Sydney illridewithyou PrayForSydney
IllRideWithYou Sydney Stands Up To Racism &amp; Bigotry With One Beautiful Hashtag
"Profoundly shocking" -Australia PM Tony Abbott delivers second sydneysiege statement. MORE:
BREAKING: Police says siege at Sydney cafe is over and hostages have been released.
Disgusted by any media coverage of the SydneySiege? Protest it by not clicking, not buying, not engaging with irresponsible journalism.
Man what on Earth is going on in Sydney. Despicable. Life in prison no parole for the idiots responsible, set a hard line, no tolerance.
Police confirm Sydney siege has ended -
Separating fact from fiction on the SydneySiege. Here's what we do and don't know
Praying for the hostages in Sydney. Please let this end safely.
This is well written and comforting as well. sydneysiege SydneyHostageCrisis
Absolutely shocking what Zayn Malik is doing in Sydney, disgusting individual.
Do not forget that the overwhelming majority of Muslims are as disgusted by the actions of these few fanatics as you or I are sydneysiege
Security forces storm Sydney cafe where hostages held, gunman identified as Man Haron Monis:
to all of those who aren't Australian, please be thinking of the hostages in Sydney tonight, just to spare a simple thought, it's terrifying
This morning jihadists were all excited with sydneysiege , now they call the hostage taker a "dirty Iranian" since he is Shiite
Hey Hillary R U home empathizing with these scumbags! I want a leader who will wipe them off the planet! sydneysiege
Anticipating backlash, Australians start illridewithyou campaign to support Muslims
AustraliaStrong sydneysiege Canadians praying for a fast and peaceful outcome
The illridewithyou movement is the best possible response to hatred and racism. I love you Sydney Sydneycafeseige
This is not a religious or a racial issue, it's an insane individual making insane actions. Dont group good people with the bad sydneysiege
SydneySiege - 5 people injured - Reports of at least 2 dead - Bomb disposal unit inside cafe - Police confirm siege is over.
SydneySiege is likely being carried out by a 'lone wolf' with minimal links to organized terror groups, eert says
Australia's leader Tony Abbott addresses sydneysiege; no questions from the media taken
I hope everyone is okay in Sydney and nothing bad happens from this hostage situation
CAN YALL STOP SAYING "THANK GOD 5SOS ISNT IN SYDNEY" LIKE DO YOU RELISE HOW IGNORANT YOU SOUND THINK ABOUT THE HOSTAGES NOT A FUCKING BAND
Sydney siege is over. More details to follow.
Can someone pls cite Qur'anic verse about taking hostages at a chocolate shop to spread Islam? I'm having trouble finding it. sydneysiege
The Terrograph, shame on you today. How low can you get spreading lies &amp; misinformation? auspol SydneySiege
The incident in Sydney is disturbing. Such acts are inhuman &amp; deeply unfortunate. I pray for everyone's safety.
ALERT: News Special Report: Tactical units storm Sydney cafe - LIVE on TV and
Sydney Muslims say Thanks! illridewithyou sydneysiege Via
Their faces say it all. Sydneysiege continues more&gt;
Video: The moment the police stormed the Sydney cafe. Police confirm the siege is now over.
Answer of Australia to terrorism, imam, Rabbi and priest come together to pray for the hostages. sydneysiege
Page one of Tuesday's Sydney Morning Herald, first edition. sydneysiege
The civilized world remains blindfolded. australia hostages ISIS sydneysiege illridewithyou
Sydney's Muslim leaders eress their concerns; organisations have offered to help in 'any way they can' SydneySiege
illridewithyou reflects the true aussiespirit during the undesirable actions of the few! Stand tall in the face of adversity! SydneySiege
Only the soldiers of Islam have the guts to bravely face women armed with coffee mugs. sydneysiege SydneyHostageCrisis
Dear Ozzie media (and CNN), what the f*** is 'Islamic writing'? That's Arabic. No one calls Comic Sans 'Christianist writing'. sydneysiege
If you're taking selfies outside the sydneysiege hostage situation, you seriously need to reevaluate your life...
The illridewithyou movement has helped restore my faith in humanity. sydneysiege
Gunman takes hostages in Sydney cafe, displays flag w/ Arabic script: 5Things sydneysiege
I repeat=&gt;if you are in Sydney, do NOT tweet or post news of what Police are doing around Martin Place. Assume jihadists follow social media
Whoever you are, wherever you are, whatever you believe in: pray for Sydney, support humanity and join the movement illridewithyou ️
DEVELOPING: Major police operation underway in Sydney's central business district:
Channel 9 now showing footage of 9/11. You've gotta gotta gotta be kidding me. sydneysiege
JUST IN: Guman in sydneysiege identified as Man Haron Monis, a radical Muslim cleric
Fingers crossed for Sydney. One day we won’t live in a world where humans terrorise each other
sydneysiege We sit in the reality of grief, shock and unknowing. For this moment that is enough.
Over 6,500 illridewithyou tweets already - currently 198 Tweets per minute - god love you Sydney
This man carries a gun, not a religion sydneysiege
Dozens of emergency vehicles waiting on Elizabeth St. Let's hope none need to be used sydneysiege ()
A terrorist attack in Sydney. A major police operation is under way in Sydney, Australia.
Here's a transcript of the Prime Minister's press conference on SydneySiege MartinPlaceSiege
LIVE: Police operation underway at Sydney's MartinPlace; train station also shut
Those poor people have been in there for 11 hours. Sending all our strength and love. sydneysiege MartinPlaceSiege
SYDNEY: Gunman tall man in late 40s, dressed in black – eyewitness SydneySiege
sydneysiege gunman was reportedly "extremely agitated", shouting as some hostages escaped.
Only to a bleating liberal is this situation in Sydney "uneected" to those of us who understand the ideology behind it, we eect it daily
My thoughts are with the people in Sydney right now
IllRideWithYou: Australians show solidarity with Muslims amid the Sydney siege
Major police operation unfolding in downtown Sydney
Morning 'concerned' Narendra Modi tweeted about Sydney Siege. Evening about his campaign. Blast in Manipur, 1 Dead, not worth a mention
The Australian Muslim community releases a statement with regard to Sydneysiege
If there's a Sydney-style attack in the U.S. all these anti-cop protests will end in about two seconds.
Pictured: Gunman Man Haron Monis, on bail over murder of ex-wife sydneysiege
NSW police have asked us, and others, not to broadcast demands from the lindtcafe gunman. We will comply. I will have more to say at 7.30
Praying for this insanity to stop. sydneysiege
Aussies tweet Illridewithyou to Muslims who might be scared to travel alone sydneysiege
Prayers to all the innocent victims of terror in Sydney. And those victimized by racial and religious profiling. sydneysiege
Worth pointing most victims of jihadist violence are people of the Islamic faith sydneysiege
The moment when one of the Sydney hostages ran out of the cafe. sydneysiege
I'm so happy to see Sydney-siders saying illridewithyou to Muslim people who fear abuse on public transport following sydneysiege
Sydney police and gov't officials asking public on site not to tweet info about MartinPlaceSiege because could be "tactically important"
In times of crisis, we must remind ourselves that we are all part of TeamHumanity sydneysiege
Praying for Sydney. These crazies have no idea what Islam is, yet have the hubris to “act in the name of” it. Despicable.
Sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone in Sydney
Join us in Prayer sydneysiege PrayForSydney
The sydneysiege is over! Confirmed by Sydney Police on twitter! Thank god! I hope everyone are and stays safe!
illridewithyou: hashtag offers solidarity with Sydney's Muslims after cafe siege
Hostage situation ongoing in Sydney business district. UPDATES: LIVE:
Those News Channels &amp; Anchors who didn't cover Assam riots citing 'Tyranny of Distance', are doing minute-by-minute coverage of sydneysiege
Thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with Muslims... IllRideWithYou sydneysiege
Australia severely restricts gun ownership leaving citizens helpless! We MUST Stand Up 4 The 2A! sydneysiege
SydneySiege - Entering 11th hour - At least 15 hostages - 5 hostages escaped - Motivation &amp; demands unknown - 1 gunman - rotating hostages
Man Haron Monis, named as the sydneysiege gunman, may have a "fetish for self-publicity".
Terrifying news of the sydneysiege back home. Thinking of our country and it's people.
Odds are if your hating on Muslims b/c of MartinPlace sydneysiege you were already bigoted douchebag. Now just add "opportunistic" one
Australia is home to some of the greatest people I know. My heart goes out to everyone affected by today’s crisis in Sydney.
I'll say it again: One trained patron in Sydney chocolate shop with a concealed weapon may have prevented this. But that's illegal there.
