From on Facebook. Toronto Prince
PrinceWatch LiveNation post: In response to inquiries, we can confirm that Prince will not be performing at Massey Hall Tonight. (5mins ago
Is there a suprise prince show at massey hall tonite OTNOROT?
jokes on you if you lined up for Prince at Massey Hall. PrinceTrollKing
I might just be crazy! But I am in line for Prince surprise show in Toronto! MasseyHall
Is Prince playing a surprise show at Massey Hall tonight?
As a monarchist, I'm excited to learn that the Prince will be in Toronto tonight. Perhaps he'll autograph my cricket bat! TOpoli
Prince to perform a surprise show in Toronto VIDEO: princearmy princewatch
Live Nation quashes Prince rumour. The Purple One will not be playing at Toronto's Massey Hall.
No Purple Rain Toronto, just rain MT In response to inquiries, can confirm Prince won't be performing at tonight
Fans have told me they overheard security saying that Prince's drumkit has already been set up inside Massey Hall in Toronto.
Is Prince in Toronto? Rumours fly of surprise show...
Prince is playing a surprise show tonight at Massey Hall! Toronto
Prince rumoured to be performing in surprise show in Toronto
Toronto if you can't get in to see princeTO then get a Prince pizza from Dino
Prince? In Toronto? via
UPDATED: Prince not playing Massey Hall, Live Nation says PrinceTO cbcto
This afternoon's rain will not be purple, even if Prince is playing a secret show tonight at Massey Hall. Just regular colour rain &amp; windy
No Prince concert at Toronto's Massey Hall. DEVELOPING STORY:
If you love Prince enough to take the day off work &amp; go to downtown Toronto, rumour has it he is doing a show tonight at Massey Hall -LM
Updated Story: Secret Prince show rumored for Toronto tonight
So Concert 4 tickets/person &amp; max seating is 3300 Still a chance if you want to brave it! Prince Toronto
Now hearing there is NO Prince show tonight, and the hundreds of people who have waiting in line will not be getting tickets. Toronto
Big rumour of the day. Prince is playing Massey Hall tonight.. barriers and fans showing up outside
Prince and 3RDEYEGIRL playing last minute show at Massey Hall. Tix $10
omggggg :'( ": Sorry, fans. Prince will not be performing at Massey Hall tonight: "
Now ppl will be showing up various venues hoping Prince will appear for a secret Toronto show. Also, will Prince buy the El Mo sign?
Is anyone still in line at Massey Hall? Prince
In a tweet concert promoter Live Nation says there is NO Prince show at Massey Hall tonight Toronto
Suspect that the heartless monopolists at nixed tonight's Prince Toronto show. As always profit trumps fun.
Bad news for the Prince fans in the queue. No show in Toronto unfortunately. (according to Livenation)
Aw man, Prince just played for 2 hours in my backyard, Toronto. 8-minute version of "Purple Rain." I really should've told somebody.
Lineup grows in Toronto amid rumours of secret Prince show
This Is What It Sounds Like When Prince Fans Cry. NoPrinceConcert Toronto
BREAKING: Tonight in Toronto nobody is gonna party like it's 1999. Prince PRINCEWATCH mylittleredcorvettestalled
UPDATE: Live Nation tweeting that Prince won't be performing tomorrow night either. PrinceTO Toronto
STORY: Prince to reportedly play a pop up show in Toronto TONIGHT
It looks like a secret Prince show is happening at Massey Hall tonight.
PICTURES OF THE PRINCEAMY QUEUING IN TORONTO SEND US YOUR PICS TO ADD TO OUR GALLERY! PRINCE
RT: TORONTO: In case you missed it are saying no Prince shows either today or tomorrow.
. tweets "Prince will not be performing at Massey Hall tonight." cbcto
Chock-a-block w Prince fans at surprise Massey Hall concert in T.O. cbcarts He so hearts Cdns
A look at the stage where prince is performing sent by a friend toronto prince tdot concert
BREAKING: has tweeted "Prince will not be performing at tonight." PrinceTO Toronto
PRINCE IN TORONTO TONIGHT: tweeted this morning to say OTNOROT CALLING, which is Toronto backwards, obviously.... Seems it's on!
There's a serious Prince fan on who'll pay someone to line up at Massey Hall for them: (h/t )
Prince not performing tonight, Live Nation says STORY: PrinceTO Toronto
UPDATE: Live Nation tweeting that Prince won't be performing tomorrow night either. PrinceTO Toronto
Contrary to popular belief, has stated that there will not be a secret Prince show at Massey Hall
In a tweet concert promoter Live Nation says there is NO Prince show at Massey Hall tonight Toronto
How can u leave me standing alone in a world so cold? literally dovescry prince toronto
Are you in line at Massey Hall? Send us a photo! Prince rumoured to be playing surprise show
"My boss let me go early, told me I look sick." Lineup for rumoured Prince show: Toronto
VIDEO: Prince to perform a surprise show in Toronto
Get here quick! We're in line for secret show in Toronto !!! Prince
Prince rumoured to be performing surprise show in Toronto:
Update: Massey Hall has confirmed Prince will not be playing a surprise show tonight.
PRINCE doing surprise show at Massey Hall in Toronto today! Wristbands at 6, show at 8.
Is Prince playing a secret show in Toronto tonight?
No plans now that Prince isn't performing in Toronto? Come here for our surprise show w/ instead
Lineup forming outside Massey Hall following rumours of Prince concert:
Toronto is in 4 a treat 2nite.... TDOT
Live Nation () has tweeted that Prince is NOT performing at tonight. Toronto
$10 Secret Prince show tonight at Massey Hall? FREAKING OUT!
I can confirm that I am not performing at Massey Hall tonight either. Prince
Watch now on cbcto: Live Nation says Prince concert is a no-go but fans still outside Massey Hall
VIDEO: Prince fans at in Toronto react after being told singer won’t perform Tuesday:
According to show is 8pm and wristbands handed out at 6pm. This is unconfirmed though!!!
Prince is doing a "secret" concert in Toronto tonight and tickets are ONLY $10!!!
Inside Massey Hall in Toronto. Pretty legit. Wish I were there! Prince
Prince is in my spin class right now. Toronto WheresPrince
WOW. It seems as though Prince will not be playing at toronto's MasseyHall after all. A sad turnout for those who played hooky today!
Prince and are rumoured to be performing a surprise show Tuesday night in Toronto
Dummies in line be like RT: " LiveNation confirms that Prince will not be performing at Massey Hall tonight."
Clearly prince is having a show in toronto tdot gta prince concert
So wait Prince's gear was even set up in Toronto? Maybe Mr. Nelson wasn't pleased a pic was Tweeted of said set-up?
Sorry, fans. Prince will not be performing at Massey Hall tonight:
Good old Massey Hall for Prince tonight in Toronto.
Are you in line for Prince's rumoured show in Toronto?
TORONTO 2NITE: This is a page from which states Prince is playing
Toronto, we just got Rick Rolled by Prince. We can either riot or we can go home and cry together. I'm down for whatever, really.
Hundreds of Prince fans line up outside Massey Hall on rumours the artist is playing a surprise show tonight.
Toronto is hoping for a surprise show by Prince and tonight.
Hey Toronto, I know that Prince concert at Massey Hall didn't happen but now he's here playing in my living room and what does he eat?
Jobless bums lineup in rain all day for unannounced, secret Price gig tonight. Live Nation says no dice. Hilarious.
Did you hear??? Prince! Tonight! Toronto?!?!?!?!?!?!
Live Nation has confirmed that Prince will NOT be performing in Toronto tonight
Security just said there is No Prince show tonight in Toronto. WTF.
BREAKING: has tweeted "Prince will not be performing at tonight." PrinceTO Toronto
Prince fans lining up at Massey Hall. Wristbands for surprise show reportedly on sale at 6pm. Toronto
Surprise Prince show at Massey Hall tonight?
Prince is rumoured to be performing a surprise show Tuesday night in Toronto.
Rumours of Prince at Massey Hall tonight. Not affiliated with . Let's move in for a closer look PRINCEWATCH
Hundreds of people still waiting in line for the event formerly known as Prince concert at Massey Hall cbcto
Maaaaaaan… ": Security at Massey Hall has told crowds to go home. Prince will not be performing tonight"
Prince performs surprise show at Massey Hall tonight Wrist Bands going for $10 GOTTA GO! BYE!
Wish I was going to that secret concert that and Prince are performing at in Toronto
Lineup forms outside Massey Hall amid rumours of surprise Prince show
Uh-oh. Live Nation is saying that there's no Prince show at Massey Hall tonight.
Maybe Massey Hall was just a decoy location and Prince has actually loaded all his gear into the El Mocambo. Maybe he BOUGHT the El Mo.
Prince never meant to cause you any sorrow, Massey Hall people standing in the rain.
Is Prince really playing Massey Hall tonight? These folks sure hope so. Lineup surprisingly short.
Rumours that Prince is playing Massey Hall tonight - listen for details in 5 mins: MusicNerd
Prince fans lined up outside Massey Hall say they are VERY disappointed after security says NO PRINCE SHOW tonight prince purplerain
Rumor has it PRINCE will perform a FREE private show Massey Hall tonight! Toronto Will you stand in line? -
There's no Prince show in Toronto tonight ... but there IS an American midterm election on TV ... so, y'know, that's fun too!
Prince fans lining up at Massey Hall. Wristbands for surprise show reportedly on sale at 6pm.
STORY: Prince to reportedly play a pop up show in Toronto TONIGHT
BREAKING: Prince confirms he is playing a surprise show tonight in the pillows section of Toronto's former Big Bop concert hall.
Local news piece on Toronto show tonight prince Princearmy
Live Nation confirms no Prince show tonight, but fans still lined up at Massey Hall on rumours it's 2morrow nite!
Prince not performing tonight, Live Nation says STORY: PrinceTO Toronto
Lots of disappointment and disbelief at Massey Hall after would-be Prince called off. Five hours in line based on media speculation, ouch!
In response to inquiries, we can confirm that Prince will not be performing at tonight.
Is Prince playing a surprise Massey Hall show tonight?
BREAKING: Prince reportedly to perform surprise show at Massey Hall tonight Toronto
Prince will NOT be performing a secret show in Toronto tonight despite fans waiting in the (purple) rain all day
TORONTO: Quick reminder that Prince is seemingly playing tonight... No more details at the minute!
Security at Massey Hall say there will be no Prince concert tonight cbcto
CBC Toronto quoted you: Pop-up Prince in Toronto? Social media speculates cbcto
TORONTO???? saying something about a secret Prince show tomorrow? Maybe at ? Personally I've got no idea! Any more info?
The Prince at Massey Hall line up spans two blocks. Security say they have not done a headcount.
Yes! RT : Is Prince playing a surprise Massey Hall show tonight?
Prince rumoured to play secret Toronto show Tuesday music
Jeez, what is it with Toronto and cancellations? First IE, now Prince concerts. Remind me to book next family reunion there.
Is Prince playing a surprise show in Toronto tonight?
Still hundreds of people waiting in the rain for Prince at Massey Hall. Venue, promoter say no concert tonight cbcto
BREAKING: The Artist Formerly Known To Perform Will Not Be Doing So Anymore. Sorry Prince Fans. Toronto Concert Fail
Prince reportedly to perform surprise show at Massey Hall tonight Toronto Prince
Possibly-incoming-but-who-the-hell-knows-with-this-guy-really: Prince Massey Hall - November 4 (2 shows and yes that's tonight) O-{+&gt;
Is it true? Prince rumoured to be performing surprise show in Toronto
Prince Reportedly Pulls Out of Secret Toronto Show Because He 'Just Wasn't Feeling It' via
BREAKING: Performance art piece "Soon To Be Disappointed Lined-Up Torontonians" by Prince concludes after short run at Massey Hall Toronto
The line for Prince at Massey Hall extends to back of building. Smells strongly of incense &amp; breakfast sandwiches
Prince is insulted by Massey Hall's reservation costs, books a show at Izakaya Sushi House princeTOrumours
Prince is going to make Toronto purple tonight. And all eyes are watching.
From : Is Prince playing a surprise show at Massey Hall tonight?
RT : Lineup forms outside Massey Hall amid rumours of surprise Prince show
The whole "secret Prince show in Toronto" is a joke. How dare they let ppl stand out there all day waiting. Total jerk move. By all involved
Outside Massey Hall where Prince and fans are lining up for what they think is a surprise show.
Prince at Massey Hall tonight. He's gonna lift whole houses clear off the ground. Wish I could be there.
Prince to perform surprise show tonight at Massey Hall
Toronto People -----&gt; Prince to perform surprise show in Toronto
OMG. Prince rumoured to be performing in Toronto today. Exciting!
Is Prince to perform surprise show in Toronto tonight?
Here's a picture of a prince stage set up right now at masseyhall in Toronto
Rumours of Prince coming to Toronto replaced by rumours of many wet people waiting in a line-up for nothing. At least thats what i heard.
Hey Prince remember that time I stood next to you at that thing. Anyway, let's catch up tonight at Massey Hall. PRINCEWATCH
"How can you just leave me standing, alone in a world that's so cold?" ― Prince fans in line outside Massey Hall since 7am
Security at Massey Hall tells there is NO Prince show Toronto prince'd purple'd
Prince fans are lined up from Massey Hall to Queen street to snag wristbands to his surprise shows
. you see what you've done to Toronto? Prince
Just noticed "HALL of desire" in that tweet. So, yeah, Massey Hall. Prince. Gah.
Prince is playing a secret show in Toronto tonight. I will also be playing a secret show tonight involving pizza &amp; netflix bingeing.
Is Prince doing surprise show in Toronto? hotticket
Event promoter says no surprise Prince show at Massey Hall Tuesday
Maybe they mixed up the Prince's? Prince will not be performing in Toronto tonight. PrinceFielder?
TORONTO: In case you missed it are saying no Prince shows either today or tomorrow.
Prince will NOT be performing a secret show in Toronto tonight despite fans waiting in the (purple) rain all day
A Prince rep, accompanied by a Massey Hall staffer, just told us all in line that there is indeed no show. What a bust! Prince Toronto
Pretty sure Prince bailed as soon as he heard Toronto fans referring to it as a "pop-up show".
Is Prince Playing A Surprise Show At Massey Hall Tonight? Toronto. It certainly looks like it.
We're in line to see !!!! Prince PrinceSurpriseShow November4th Toronto
CBC Toronto quoted you: Pop-up Prince in Toronto? Social media speculates cbcto
Prince news from fans at Massey Hall: show tonight, $10 for entry. Need to line up at Massey for wristbands. Big line already. PrinceWatch
Prince Playing Surprise Show in Toronto Tonight? Are you lined up at Masey Hall?
Prince not playing Massey Hall tonight, promoter says
Prince surprise concert rumours spark line-ups in Toronto via
...and LiveNation confirms Prince will not be playing Massey Hall tonight.
Live Nation says Prince isn't playing at *Massey Hall*. Could he play elsewhere? You know, the Elmo closes this week... (I know nothing)
Prince in Toronto cancelled! WTF!!
Prince to perform surprise show in Toronto
$10 to see Prince tonight in Toronto? I'd be a fool not to.
Toronto - sorry for the confusion today surrounding the reported Prince Massey Hall performance. 3EG’s sound and lighting crew...(cont'd.)
Prince to perform surprise show in Toronto
FYI Toronto ": In response to inquiries, we can confirm that Prince will not be performing at tonight."
I could legit cry right now. Tickets are $10. If you don't have to work today and love Prince, go to Massey Hall. Like, right now.
Imagine if the people lining up at Massey Hall for Prince found out that some lines got crossed &amp; it's actually a secret Nickleback show?
Toronto riots tonight RT : LiveNation confirms that Prince will not be performing at Massey Hall tonight.
Rumours of Prince surprise Toronto show quashed by Live Nation
Prince fans still holding out hope outside Massey Hall even after being told there will be no show tonight.
. just left Toronto fans out in the cold. Reaction: Prince
Rumour that Prince () will be performing a surprise show at Toronto's Massey Hall () tonight:
Surprise! Prince at Massey Hall TONIGHT! Park in our Yonge/Shuter lot and grab a pre-show bite! ToTheCity
Breaking: Live Nation Ontario says Prince isn't playing at Massey Hall tonight.
Prince won't be performing tomorrow night either. He's actually performing in an alternate reality for the next few days. PrinceTO Toronto
Is Prince really playing a secret show in Toronto or has he gone back to outer space princeTOrumours
Secret Prince show rumored for Toronto tonight
can someone get us in 2 the secret prince show in toronto tomorrow
I know why Prince &amp; starts the tour by Toronto... BikeSculture
Prince Toronto inside massyhall
The music legend known as Prince is rumoured to be having a surprise pop-up show tonight Massey Hall in Toronto fb
My piece for : Secret Prince Show Rumored for Toronto Tonight
Prince at Massey Hall? Will. Be. Bonkers.
Is Prince playing a surprise show at Massey Hall tonight?
Live Nation wants to apologize for any inconvenience eerienced by Prince and his fans. Read more here:
Prince () playing surprise show in Toronto tonight?:
Prince to perform surprise show in Toronto: Prince
Is Prince planning a secret show in Toronto tonight?
Prince cancelled Massey Hall show to play Bridle Path house party tonight princeTOrumours
Surprise Prince show hitting Toronto tonight? My brain just melted.
Rumour of Prince surprise show at Toronto's Massey Hall quashed by Live Nation
Yes!! is doing a concert tonight and tickets are ONLY $10!!! Toronto rocks
Prince pulled this tweet, but I caught it. A Toronto surprise is coming. Let's go crazy.
BREAKING: Prince reportedly to perform surprise show at Massey Hall tonight Toronto
Prince playing Toronto MasseyHall tonight $10 . Lucky folks indeed
Just got word from Massey Hall management that Prince is indeed doing 2 shows. Tonight and tomorrow.
Is it still a secret show if everyone knows about it? Prince? Toronto
Is Prince playing a secret show in Toronto tonight? Lineup Already at Massey Hall RU going
Star photographer Steve Russell shows how long the Prince lineup at Massey Hall is right now.
Breaking has tweeted out there is no Prince show at Massey Hall tonight.
Is Prince playing a surprise show at Massey Hall tonight?
Are you a Prince fan? Do you live in Toronto? You might want to check this article out: surpriseshow
PRINCE in Toronto details. Just a production rehearsal...?
Is Prince performing a show in Toronto tonight? Trick question: Prince doesn't perform. Prince is you. Prince is this tweet. Prince is.
LiveNation confirms that Prince will not be performing at Massey Hall tonight.
Prince probably arrived in Toronto, saw that it was raining and cancelled because the rain wasn't purple. prince
Sample of line-up outside Massey Hall for rumoured Prince concert via cbcto
this nigga Prince got all the unemployed middle aged/retired folk in toronto waiting in purple rain for him
This is what it sounds like when fans cry. Prince Toronto PRINCEWATCH princeTOrumours masseyhall
People talking about stupid shit like government corruption and harassment when Prince is in Toronto smh
Prince fans already lining up Massey Hall. Wristbands reportedly on sale at 6pm Toronto
BREAKING: Prince cancels Massey Hall gig tonight, rumoured to be headlining on Friday -- in holographic form.
Secret Prince Show Rumored for Toronto Tonight
Prince rumoured to be performing surprise show in Toronto
Prince rumoured to play secret Toronto show today
***Not confirmed yet*** Prince to perform surprise show in Toronto Prince is rumoured to be performing a...
TWO TORONTO SHOWS TONIGHT? Looks like is hinting at TWO Prince shows tonight.... stay tuned!
WHAT? RT BREAKING: Prince reportedly to perform surprise show at Massey Hall tonight Toronto
PRINCE gives Toronto purple balls .....
As an aside, Toronto is home to where Prince get a lot of their stage clothes...
Dammit Prince. Toronto needs a win right now.
Prince loves this city. He fell for the Toronto woman trap. Happens to the best of them.
