Update: Reuters reports a witness who says police chased a suspect into Candian parliament in Ottawa &amp; then heard 30 shots fired inside
CXN: 1 gunman shot dead in Parliament Hill attack, soldier shot in Ottawa No report soldier dead. OttawaShooting
Terror in Canada &amp; Israel today. A soldier murdered in Ottawa, a baby murdered in Jerusalem. Extremist terror is scourge of modern world
Ottawa Police say they are dealing with multiple suspects, can't confirm whether all have guns but are confirming multiple suspects.
Updated: The shooting incident in Ottawa had the appearance of a coordinated attack
Map of three Ottawa locations where police say shots have been fired
Scene at Ottawa war memorial. Soldier on duty shot.
Here's that dramatic video via of shots fired inside parliament building: Ottawa shooting
BREAKING: confirm one death on Parliament Hill. 3 separate shootings: War Memorial, Hill and "near Rideau Centre"
BREAKING NEWS: New York Times is reporting the Canadian soldier who was shot has died from their injuries. Heartbreaking. cdnpoli ableg
Soldier killed in OttawaShooting identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo (via )
Kevin Vickers hailed as hero who took down attacker OttawaShooting cbcto
Ottawa Police confirms 1 gunman dead, 1 soldier killed in OttawaShooting
RCMP news conference on Ottawa shootings eected to begin momentarily. Watch live
The Canadian soldier shot at the War Memorial has died, officials reported. OttawaShooting
Police are holding a news conference to provide the latest on today's incidents in Ottawa. Watch live now on CNNgo.
These are the areas where the OttawaShootings have been reported.
RCMP to hold news conference on Ottawa shootings at 2 pm ET, 11 am PT. Watch live coverage
BREAKING: Soldier shot near Canada's parliament; active shooter at large.
Canadian parliament on lockdown after shooting – live updates
Senior U.S. official: Canadian government has informed U.S. that one shooter is dead in Ottawa. Live blog:
UPDATE: Ottawa police confirm gunman in Canada shooting shot and killed. Search on for possible additional gunmen.
My thoughts and prayers are with injured soldier. And such deep thanks to the security and RCMP on the Hill. shooting parliament
Police in Canada have confirmed to NBC that multiple gunmen were involved in what appears to be coordinated series of shootings in Ottawa
Attack on Parliament: Soldier shot; gunman on the loose. Follow our developing story:
Updated: Canadian soldier killed in attack at Parliament Hill in Ottawa
Hamilton Argylls soldier, Nathan Cirillo, on the right in this picture, dies in Ottawa attack
There is something profoundly sinister about a shooting on Parliament Hill. It is a sacred space, where we use words, not weapons.
BREAKING UPDATE: Soldier shot at National War Memorial in Ottawa, Canada, police tell News -
RIP Cpl. NathanCirillo Your service never forgotten Prayers for his family CanadianForces OttawaShooting
Incidents occurred at National War Memorial, near the Rideau Centre and Parliament Hill this morning. ottnews
BREAKING NEWS: OTTAWA POLICE CONFIRM TO ABC NEWS THEY ARE LOOKING FOR 3 SUSPECTS, ONE HAS BEEN 'DEALT WITH' -
Shots are fired outside Canadian parliament in Ottawa and a soldier is wounded, local media report
Ottawa shooting suspect named as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau – 2 U.S. sources tell ABC News.
Gun fire exchange in Parliament Hill building Ottawa parliament shooting Canada BeSafeOttawa - via
PM Stephen Harper to address the nation on OttawaShooting at 7:45 pm/ET. cdnpoli
Canada's parliament in lockdown after shooting - follow our live coverage here:
EXTENDED: Dramatic video of gunfire inside hallways of Parliament Hill. (The Globe and Mail)
RAW VIDEO : Parliament Hill shooting. Video from inside Parliament Hill after shots were fired. breaking CBCNews
More shots being fired near parliament in Ottawa, suspect still at large: TV
Police confirming a 3rd shooting at Rideau Center here in Ottawa, a popular shopping mall downtown - very tense in city OttawaStrong
BREAKING: ONE assailant shot and killed in Parliament Hill - but still active shooting situation &amp; shots being fired. ottnews
Cpl. Nathan Cirillo identified as victim of ottawashooting at National War Memorial
Canada's parliament building locked down after shooting; at least one guard injured: Photo: AP
AP VIDEO: Gunman shoots a Canadian soldier standing guard at the National War Memorial in Ottawa:
shooting someone is already bad enough, shooting a soldier guarding a war memorial is just disgusting PrayForOttawa
Rest in peace Cpl. Nathan Cirillo via ottawashooting
Watch video showing gunfire inside Canada's parliament in Ottawa
Gunman on the loose in downtown Ottawa. Canadian citizens disarmed by their government. Target rich environment. OttawaShooting
Shots were fired at Canada's national war memorial in Ottawa and a ceremonial guard was shot, police say.
My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the family &amp; friends of the soldier killed today in the line of duty in Ottawa. Our nation mourns your loss.
IN PICTURES: Shots fired on Parliament Hill, soldier shot at National War Memorial
Stay with us for LIVE coverage on the active shooting at Canadian parliament:
BREAKING NEWS: Ottawa police confirm at least 3 separate shooting sites and multiple suspects -
Confirmed reports that there were three shootings in Ottawa: at a War memorial, at the Parliament and at a shopping mall.
UPDATED: Shots fired on Parliament Hill, soldier injured at National War Memorial
Witness says say three or four shots fired at Ottawa's War Memorial, Soldier wounded, being treated by several paramedics.
UPDATE: Police: "Several shooting incidents" being investigated in downtown Ottawa:
Kevin Vickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at Parliament Hill: cbcOTT OTTnews
LATEST: Suspected Ottawa gunman identified as Michael Joseph Hall, a convert to Islam; also known as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau -
Our thoughts are with the family and friends of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo and all those affected by the events in Ottawa today. OttawaStrong
BREAKING: Canadian official identifies dead Ottawa gunman as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
DEVELOPING: Police: Shooting near Canadian Parliament; soldier wounded; active situation:
Soldier shot at National War Memorial in Ottawa
Soldier killed in Canada shooting was a young reservist with a six-year-old son Pray for him.
Breaking News: U.S. agencies have been advised that Ottawa shooter was believed to be a Canadian convert to Islam, FoxNews confirms.
FBI working with Canadian authorities to determine if Ottawa shooting was an act of terrorism
A gunman is killed after shooting at war memorial and Canadian parliament in Ottawa, media reports say
BREAKING | This is a photo of Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, gunman in this morning's shootings in Ottawa. cbcOTT OTTnews
A photo of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, killed in Ottawa today. RIP
UPDATED: Soldier dead, 2 others injured in Parliament Hill siege; 1 gunman dead
Ottawa police correct their info. No shooting at the Rideau shopping centre. Everything now points to one gunman in two locations.
Ottawa Police report a third shooting incident at the Rideau Centre. No word on injuries.
Rest in peace to the soldier killed in Ottawa today
Thoughts and Prayers with everyone in Ottawa (our office is here in Capital) right now on Parliament Hill with shots fired PrayForOttawa
Soldier shot at War Memorial in Ottawa has died. Live coverage:
Recap: Gunman shot dead inside Parliament buildings; police believe there may be others on loose. Cdn soldier shot earlier at War Memorial.
US Army increases security at Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington Nat'l Cemetery as precaution due to Ottawa shootings -
BREAKING: Peter Mansbridge now reporting one suspect shot dead inside Parliament Hill
BREAKING: One gunman has been killed following a shooting on Parliament Hill, sources confirm to CTV News.
The RCMP will hold a news conference close to 2 p.m. to provide an update on the shootings in Ottawa.
2 new victims en route to Ottawa hospital; 1 shot, both non-life-threatening, hospital says - ,
BREAKING NEWS: CANADIAN OFFICIALS NOW CALLING TODAY'S PARLIAMENT SHOOTING A TERRORIST ATTACK -
NHL says date of rescheduled game TBD. NHL ``wishes to eress its sympathy and prayers to all affected by the tragic events in Ottawa''
FBI assisting in the case of the Ottawa shooting, sources have confirmed to CTV News
Good news is Canadian gov't successfully prevented Zehaf-Bebeau from joining ISIS abroad. Bad news is he waged jihad in Ottawa today.
Soldier gets CPR after being shot at War Memorial in Ottawa
'Stand easy, brother': Soldier killed in Ottawa identified as Cpl. Nathan Frank Cirillo
CANADA PARLIAMENT SHOOTING: - Active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - 3 injd - Multiple gunmen - 1 soldier dead
These are not timid colours; soldiers back guarding Tomb of Unknown Soldier after today's shooting StandforCanada
RT : CONFIRMED | 1 shooter shot dead at Parliament Hill, but there is more than 1 suspect. cbcOTT OTTnews
RIPNathanCirillo RT : Soldier killed at war memorial identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo OttawaShooting
This is Kevin Vickers, sergeant-at-arms who reportedly killed a shooter inside the Parliament buildings Ottawa
Statement from Hamilton Mayor Bob Bratina on death of soldier in OttawaShooting
White House: Obama awaiting chance to speak with Harper about Ottawa shooting
JUST IN: U.S. officials tell CBS News the name of the dead Ottawa shooting suspect is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a Canadian born in 1982.
The three people brought to Ottawa Hospital after today’s shooting have been released in stable condition. Live blog:
UPDATE: Parliament Hill attack: Soldier dies of injuries, gunman shot dead OttawaShooting
Two Tory MPs say gunman at Parliament Hill has been 'shot and killed'
UPDATE: Attacker shot dead in Parliament after soldier shot at War Memorial OttawaShooting
One shooting victim succumbed to injuries. He was a member of the Canadian Forces. Our thoughts and prayers are with him and his loved ones.
BREAKING: Two or three gunmen were involved in shooting at Canada war memorial, Ottawa police say.
Ottawa hospital confirms it's treating 3 OttawaShooting victims - 2 in stable condition
Police now say there were two shooting incidents in Ottawa: one at the war memorial, the other on Parliament Hill.
Full White House statement on Obama's call to Ottawa
UPDATE: Reports of gunfire inside the halls of the Canadian Parliament building in Ottawa:
Tragedy mounts as soldier shot this AM dies of his wounds in an Ottawa Hospital. Deep sympathy to his family and friends. shooting ottawa
OTTAWA SHOOTING - Soldier shot at memorial - Parliament Hill on lockdown - Harper, Mulcair, Trudeau, safe
BREAKING NEWS: ONE SOLDIER HAS DIED AFTER OTTAWA SHOOTING, SUSPECT(S) STILL AT LARGE -
Everyone take a moment to honour Cpl. Nathan Cirillo the fine solider that was killed in Ottawa today Hero
Ottawa shootings reportedly at three locations - parliament, war memorial and shopping mall.
BREAKING NEWS: CBC confirms photo of Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, the gunman in the Ottawa shooting -
Canada police say suspect in Ottawa shooting still at large, tactical units on scene.
Rest In Peace Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. Ottawa OttawaShooting
CANADA PARLIAMENT SHOOTING: - Still active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - Multiple gunmen - 1 gunmen dead
Ottawa Hospital has received 3 patients, 2 of whom are in stable condition. Won't give update on soldier, deferring to DND. cbcOTT OTTnews
Shooting locks down Canadian parliament; one suspect reported dead
The soldier killed in Ottawa today is being named as 24-year-old Nathan Cirillo. Latest here:
ottnews ctvottawa Reports man has been apprehended on Parliament Hill. As many as 30 shots fired - soldier shot at War Memorial.
RCMP yelling everyone to back away from Parliament Hill. Weapons out. Word of shooting inside. cdnpoli
Dramatic video of gunfire from inside Parliament Hill:
The University of Ottawa, just a five minute walk from the Hill, is now on lockdown.
And this is Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, the brave Canadian soldier killed in the OttawaShooting today.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Canadian soldier shot while guarding the National War Memorial in Ottawa. ableg cdnpoli
Watch live: CBC NN coverage of shooting of soldier at Ottawa Cenotaph; shooter still on loose around Parliament Hill:
Reuters: One gunman has been shot dead inside Canadian parliament building OttawaShooting
BREAKING : 3rd shooting incident reported in ottawa at Rideau Centre Mall
Ottawa police and RCMP will be announcing a joint press conference time shortly. cbcOTT OTTnews
Soldier shot, Parliament locked down after gunfire erupts at war memorial. Developing story:
Chaos broke out in Ottawa after a shooting at the war memorial and reports of gunfire in Parliament
.: "Incidents occurred at National War Memorial, near the Rideau Centre and Parliament Hill." Live blog:
Ottawa police confirm to CBCNews they are still seeking 1 or more suspects after shootings on Parliament Hill, War Memorial, nearby mall.
BREAKING Rick Hughes at CBC Hamilton: The soldier who was shot in Ottawa Wednesday morning is a reservist serving in Hamilton
We r being told it's still not safe outside downtown. Shooter on the loose. University of Ottawa shut down.
Shooter still on loose after uniformed soldier shot at Ottawa's War Memorial, across road from Parliament. MP's being taken out of offices.
WATCH: Sounds of apparent gunfire inside halls of Canada's Parliament Hill:
Heartbreaking Photo Shows Nathan Cirillo Moments Before Shooting
MORE: Police say shots fired at 3 places: The National War Memorial, on Parliament Hill and near Rideau Centre Mall:
RT : LIVE NOW: Cops swarm Parliament Hill following reports of a shooting
This is the soldier who died today at the Ottawa War Memorial. His name is Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. RIP OttawaStrong
Rest In Peace Corporal Nathan Cirillo. Respect Ottawa Canada tcot
Recap: Parliament Hill in lockdown after uniformed Canadian soldier shot at War Memorial. Suspect on loose; witnesses say he had rifle.
OttawaShooting press conference will be held at 2 pm today
Twenty-four-year-old Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was shot dead today at the War Memorial in Ottawa. cdnpoli OttawaShooting
BREAKING: CTV News reports that a solider wounded in a shooting at the National War Memorial has died.
Canada's parliament building in Ottawa is on lockdown after reports of an active shooter
WATCH LIVE: The scene outside Parliament Hill where a soldier has been shot
Soldier shot dead in Ottawa today is Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. Reservist was based in Hamilton, Ont.
Video: Reporter captures shoot-out in Ottawa's Parliament Hill building. Watch:
RIGHTNOW all bridges from Ottawa Gatineau are NOW CLOSED! Active search still underway (11:37est) ParliamentHill
Snipers now on top of Ottawa's National Art Gallery after gunfire at parliament ( pic)
DEVELOPING STORY: Soldier shot in Ottawa at War Memorial.
BREAKING: Police source has told The Globe that a second shooter has been shot. OttawaShooting
"I saw one of the soldiers laying on the ground." Witnesses depict chaos in OttawaShooting
This photo, reported to be of suspected Ottawa shooter Michael Zehar Bibeau, came from suspended ISIS Twitter account
CTV reports that soldier shot at war memorial still alive.
BREAKING: Ottawa Civic Hosp official says TWO NEW PATIENTS are enroute to hospital. 1 w/gunshot wounds. Both stable. ottnews
Ottawa police chief confirms that both gunman and soldier at war memorial are dead.
Raptors hold a moment of silence to honour Cpl. Nathan Cirillo and all those affected by today's events in Ottawa.
OTTAWA FOOTAGE: Video captures moment shots fired in Canadian Parliament
BREAKING Soldier shot in the Canadian capital of Ottawa and a gunman is believed to have entered Parliament.
Ottawa police confirm fatal shooting of Canadian soldier at War Memorial, and shooting death of gunman in Parliament. No one in custody.
BREAKING: Reports of shots fired on Parliament Hill
LOCKDOWN | Parliament, library main branch, U of O, downtown schools, Ottawa police HQ, CBC HQ, Rideau Centre, courthouse. cbcOTT OTTnews
DEVELOPING story here: Soldier shot in Ottawa at War Memorial
Prime Minister Stephen Harper to address country tonight after fatal shooting at War Memorial and attack on Parliament: cdnpoli
Shooting soldiers guarding the war memorial....terrorism really doesn't get much more cowardly than that. Bastards.
The City of Hamilton offers condolences to the family of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, a HamOnt native who bravely served with . Ottawa
NHL cancels tonight's game between Ottawa and Toronto due to today's shootings. Senators were to host Maple Leafs.
Ottawa shooting: Soldier dies of injuries, gunman shot dead
BREAKING: Reports that the dead shooting suspect is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, born 1982. He is reportedly Canadian-born. OttawaShooting
Harper cancels Malala citizenship event in wake of Ottawa shootings OttawaShooting
DEVELOPING MPs tweeting that gunman has been shot dead. CBC has not confirmed this. Condition of soldier also unknown
AFP: an official says a Canadian soldier has died after being shot in OttawaShooting
Conservative caucas informed soldier shot at War Memorial in Ottawa this morning has died. A sad development on a shocking day.
Canadian soldier shot in Ottawa a reservist from Hamilton HamOnt Canpoli ottawashooting
At least 30 more shots were fired inside Parliament in Ottawa.
DEVELOPING: Shooting suspect at large inside Canadian Parliament: reports
Map of areas where Ottawa shootings were reported: National War Memorial, near the Rideau Centre and Parliament Hill.
The Canadian soldier killed in today's Ottawa shooting is Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, a family source told CNN. Live blog:
NHL postpones tonight's Leafs-Senators game because of OttawaShooting
ISIS Media account posts picture claiming to be Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, dead OttawaShooting suspect. Canada
Let NathanCirillo be remembered like this.The part time soldier doing his job &amp; bringing a little happiness Ottawa
BREAKING UPDATE: Canadian soldier injured at Parliament Hill shooting dies Ottawa
BREAKING news: Shots fired at Parliament Hill. Follow developing story:
Seeing reports that soldier shot at War Memorial is still alive. Hang in there, brother. All of Canada is with you.
NORAD increases number of planes on higher alert status ready to respond if necessary, official says. OttawaShooting
We are in full lock down until further notice from Ottawa Police.
BREAKING: Two new patients coming to Ottawa hospital civic campus. One with gunshot wounds. Just confirmed ottnews
More shots fired on Parliament Hill.
A Canadian soldier has been shot at the country's National War Memorial near Parliament.
Update from Ottawa: -Cdn soldier dies from shooting -Parliamentary guard wounded -Parliament Hill still in lockdown
BREAKING | Centre block and east block at Parliament Hill are locked down. cbcOTT OTTnews
Meet Kevin Vickers, the hero who shot down the Parliament Hill gunman OttawaShooting
Soldier shot by gunman outside Canada parliament dies, minister says, as police search for multiple suspects
Ottawa hospital says it's treating three patients, two in stable condition, after shooting incident.
BREAKING: A spokesperson for The Ottawa Hospital confirms that it has received three patients, two of which are in stable condition.
BREAKING: CTV News confirms that shots have been fired on Parliament Hill.
BREAKING: Ottawa police confirm to CTV news there were at least three separate shootings
RIP Cpl. Nathan Cirillo identified as Canadian soldier killed in ottawashooting Canada
DEVELOPING: Canada officials identify dead gunman in Parliament shooting as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
Police confirm 3rd shooting in area of Rideau Centre, mall in downtown Ottawa east of Parliament Hill. cdnpoli
BREAKING: the most terrible news of the day so far: soldier has died of his injuries OttawaShooting
Some Leaf players say they heard shots this morning from the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. Scary events in Ottawa
BREAKING: Soldier shot at Canadian parliament, authorities say
Watch live: PM Stephen Harper eected to speak to the nation imminently on OttawaShooting cdnpoli
BREAKING Multiple sources tell Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is likely shooter in OttawaShooting
BREAKING: CONFIRMS: One shooter dead. Police working under assumption more than one shooter. 3 shooting incidents ottnews
Rest In Peace Cpl. Nathan Cirillo and thank you for serving our country OttawaShooting
RIP to the solider and father killed in Ottawa today, praying for all those affected by this shooting StaySafeOttawa
Soldier shot at National War Memorial in Ottawa
Reports now that 2nd shooter has been shot in downtown Ottawa ottnews
UPDATED: Gunman on the loose after soldier shot at Ottawa war memorial
The gunman in Ottawa has been shot and killed. I'm at a loss for words this morning. That isn't my Canada.
Several MPs tweeting that lone gunman shot dead in Centre Block. All MPs reportedly safe. cdnpoli ottawa
Ottawa shooting: Nathan Cirillo, reservist from Hamilton, killed in attack
Watch Live: Manhunt for Canadian Parliament shooting suspect via
Canada's Minister of Employment Jason Kenney says the soldier shot in Ottawa has died -
Police say there are 3 shooting scenes: Parliament, War Memorial, Rideau Centre. They happened close together, police say cbcOTT OTTnews
BREAKING: Ottawa police say they believe there is more than one shooter.
BREAKING Canada soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says
Reports now police suspect two or three shooters on Parliament Hill. Sergeant at Arms Kevin Vickers shot one assailant.
Conservative caucus told Canadian soldier shot at War Memorial has died, Soldier has not been named, but was a reservist based in Hamilton.
. and I have been speaking to some of our allies around the world. The PM will address the nation this evening. OttawaShooting
CANADIAN OFFICIALS NOW CALLING TODAY'S PARLIAMENT SHOOTING A TERRORIST ATTACK -
More breaking: confirms name of soldier who was killed in OttawaShooting as Nathan Cirillo.
Uniformed Canadian soldier shot at War Memorial in Ottawa.
Canada investigating Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as possible suspect in Ottawa shooting: source.
Soldier killed in Ottawa was a Sherwood grad. He couldn't wait to serve his country. RIP Cpl. Nathan Frank Cirillo
Breaking: Police confirm multiple suspects in Ottawa shooting.
CBS reports Ottawa shooting suspect was born in Quebec as Michael Joseph Hall. He's a recent convert to Islam -
RIP Cpl Nathan Cirillo... Canada will always remember you. OttawaShooting
Official: All 3 patients injured in Ottawa shootings have been released from hospital -
Extended Video: Guns raised, officers rush towards
Here are the 3 locations of shootings in Ottawa around Parliament Hill (GoofleEarth) From:
Breaking: Soldier killed at war memorial identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo ottawashooting
NORAD has gone on a high alert posture as a result of the shootings in Ottawa, U.S. military officials say -
Ottawa Police won't say if there are still suspects at large; say it is still an active operation - live video
LATEST: Numerous gunmen involved in Ottawa shooting attacks, manhunt is on - police spokesman
The latest on Ottawa shootings. Gunman killed inside Parliament, soldier shot at War Memorial. cdnpoli
BREAKING Canadian officials: Soldier shot in Ottawa has died
Jason Kenney says Canadians soldier shot at War Memorial today has died. Employment Minister also says Parliamentary guard wounded. cdnpoli
Prayers for the shot soldier in Ottawa. God bless the Canadian army. Canada
ISIS Media account posts picture claiming to be Michael Zehaf-Bibeau suspected shooter in Ottawa
The Canadian soldier shot at the War Memorial in Ottawa has died, according to two members of Parliament. Live blog:
Canadian authorities have given name of suspect in Ottawa attacks to U.S. feds; ask for FBI assistance: Sr U.S. law enforcement official
Ottawa Police say they are dealing with multiple suspects. Cannot confirm whether both/all have guns. Ottawa still pretty much locked down
Proudly at his post NathanCirillo This nation thanks you and your family OttawaShooting
Ottawa: MP Gerry Byrne inside building on lockdown. Says this is tactical team. Live coverage
RIP to the Canadian soldier killed today in Ottawa. Thoughts and prayers with his family &amp; friends. Canada
Ottawa Police spokesman tells News that 3 suspects are being sought following shootings in Canadian capital -
BREAKING: Soldier shot dead in Ottawa attack identified as Hamilton, Ontario-based reservist Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. OttawaShooting
Prayers for Ottawa, those directly affected, family of the soldier who died. God keep our land glorious and free. WeStandOnGuardForThee
NEW: Ottawa police reporting 3rd shooting scene, at Rideau Centre Mall, close to Parliament Hill
BREAKING Minister of Employment Jason Kenney confirms the soldier shot in Ottawa is dead
MORE: Ottawa shootings suspect identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32; unclear if there are other shooters:
Very tense situation in Ottawa this morning. Multiple gun shots fired outside of our caucus room. I am safe and in lockdown. Unbelievable.
Ottawa shooting: Kevin Vickers labelled 'hero' after taking down gunman in Canadian Parliament
Police confirm 'several' shootings in Ottawa; PM safe; downtown buildings in lockdown
Canadian authorities 'were aware of potential Isis-style attacks for weeks' OttawaShooting
OTTAWA SHOOTING: Police claim multiple suspects at large, ask people to avoid Paraliment area
UPDATE: One shooter possibly on the loose in Ottawa amid reports of shootings in the city:
NHL postpones Wednesday's Leafs-Senators game due to tragedy in Ottawa
One person shot outside Centre Block, a second wounded inside the building in Parliament Hill shooting
Hero. : Kevin Vickers, head of security in parliament, being credited for taking down shooter Ottawa "
Soldier killed in Ottawa identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo
Statement from Ottawa Hospital: received 3 patients. 2 in stable condition.
Breaking: Shots were fired at three separate locations in Ottawa, say Ottawa police
BREAKING: Ottawa Police now confirming a 3rd shooting. This one at the Rideau Centre Mall. No word on injuries at that one. OttawaShooting
ICYMI: Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers hailed as hero for stopping shooter on Parliament Hill
VIDEO Just on CBC NN: video showing shots fired inside Parliament Hill. cdnpoli
NEW: Sources: Deceased gunman who killed soldier in Ottawa has been identified as Canadian national Michael Zehaf-Bibeau -
"I saw a long gun, I heard one shot" - eye witness to OttawaShooting at Canadian Parliament
. confirms there were 3 separate shootings. One on Parliament Hill, one at National War Memorial, one at Rideau Centre
Sergeant-at-arms Kevin Vickers who reportedly shot suspect hailed as hero ottawashooting
VIDEO: Seconds after shooting Nathan Cirillo, OttawaShooting suspect gets into car.
Canadian media identify the soldier killed in Ottawa as Nathan Cirillo, 24
Police say they have located car belonging to suspect in Ottawa shooting. Uniformed soldier shot at War Memorial, condition unknown.
Map of the locations of shootings in Ottawa, at War Memorial, House of Commons and nearby mall
RIP Nathan Cirillo Soldier Ottawa Canada love you
BREAKING: confirms the soldier shot this morning has died, a Parliamentary Guard has also been wounded. OttawaShooting
Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, 24, identified as the soldier who was shot, killed at the War Memorial today. cbcOTT OTTnews
Soldier shot at National War Memorial in Ottawa cdnpoli hw
KevinVickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at Parliament Hill OttawaShooting
Ottawa Police Service: No one was hurt in the shooting near Ottawa's Rideau Centre. Live blog:
So I am locked down in Centre Block on Parliament Hill after at least one shooter burst in and opened fire
This afternoon we've lowered our flags to half mast in honour of the Canadian Reservist who lost his life in Ottawa.
BREAKING - Shooting on Parliament Hill. RCMP have weapons drawn cdnpoli
BREAKING NEWS: At least 3 shots fired at Ottawa War Memorial. One soldier confirmed shot -
Soldier killed at war memorial identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo ottawashooting
Sergeant-at-Arms of Canada's parliament called a hero for shooting gunman who entered building
Ottawa police confirm 1 male shooting suspect died; no one in custody -
UPDATED | Attacker shot dead in Parliament after soldier shot at National War Memorial: cbcOTT OTTnews
WATCH: Shots are fired inside Ottawa's Parliament building. Canadian police say shooting suspect is still at large.
RIP Cpl. Nathan Cirillo today's tragic events put all in perspective OttawaShooting HeroesInLife
Police hold news conference on OttawaShooting - follow our coverage here:
Soldier killed at war memorial identified as Nathan Cirillo HamOnt OttawaShooting cndpoli
Police in Ottawa call situation 'fluid,' 'dynamic,' 'unfolding.' Confirm deaths of soldier, gunman. cdnpoli
Ottawa police now say there are 3 shootings in Ottawa: Parliament, War Memorial and Rideau Centre Mall
Parliament Hill in lockdown after soldier shot at Ottawa's War Memorial, just south of East Block.
Gut-wrenching to hear the soldier guarding our national war memorial has died. Rest in peace Cpl Nathan Cirillo OttawaShooting NeverForget
DEVELOPING story: Shots fired on Parliament Hill, soldier shot at War Memorial Ottawa
The Ottawa Hospital now says "all three patients involved in today's incident have been discharged" OttawaShootings
Thoughts &amp; Prayers to the family of Cpl. Nathan Frank Cirillo. killed today in Ottawa RIP Pls RT
Witnesses say as many as 50 shots fired at Parliament Hill. Gunfire reported within the Parliament building. ottawa
Soldier shot at National War Memorial in Ottawa
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Nathan Cirillo who died today in Ottawa while protecting his country at age 24
BREAKING NEWS: Suspected Ottawa gunman identified as Michael Joseph Hall, an ISIS sympathizer. OttawaShooting
Harper to make statement today after gunman shot dead in Parliament. PM safe, not on Parliament Hill, being briefed by security officials.
Police have clarified that there were two shootings in Ottawa today, not three: at the War Memorial and Parliament Hill.
HAPPENING NOW: More shots heard near parliament in Ottawa, suspect still at large - police
Shots fired on parliament hill after a man walked up with a gun. I'm locked in a security office on parliament hill
Source says ONE suspect shot and killed inside PARLIAMENT HILL - security sweep still underway. ottnews BREAKING
MORE: Police believe three gunmen were involved in shootings in Ottawa this morning and are looking for two shooters.
The NHL announces tonight's game between the Leafs and Sens in Ottawa has been postponed
leafs could hear shots from their rooms, I am told. OttawaShooting
Credible sources tell there may be as many as five active shooters in Ottawa
Canada journalist captures outbreak of small-arms fire inside Parliament building in Ottawa:
UPDATE: A lockdown at the Rideau Centre in Ottawa has been lifted.
My heart aches for the family of the Canadian Soldier murdered this morning in Ottawa. RIP ️
Canadian soldier who was shot at Ottawa's War Memorial is a reservist serving with the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders in Hamilton, Ont.
BREAKING: A source confirms to CP24 that the deceased soldier in Ottawa is Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. Cirillo was a member of the Hamilton Argylls
PrayForOttawa As an American Veteran, my prayers are w/ the Canadian soldier who died in today's shooting standing duty at a war memorial
RT : ISIS Media account posts picture claiming to be Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, dead OttawaShooting suspect
"Contrary to earlier reports no incident occurred near the Rideau Centre," Ottawa police say. cbcOTT
Footage from Globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in Parliament Hill building
Breaking Military sources, friends ID Nathan Frank Cirillo as soldier killed in Ottawa
BREAKING: Soldier shot at war memorial near Canadian parliament:
BREAKING: Ottawa police confirm there were at least three separate shootings
Latest on shooting in Ottawa w/ dramatic video from inside Canadian Parliament building by
Rideau Centre general manager tell there was no shooting inside the mall. But people can't leave or enter. OttawaShooting
COMING UP LIVE Ottawa shooting: Stephen Harper to address nation
Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers hailed as hero for shooting Canadian Parliament gunman:
Soldier shot at Canada National War Memorial has died; police are looking for several suspects
Gunman shot dead in OttawaShootings named by US officials as 32-year-old, Canadian-born, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau
has independently confirmed gunman killed in Parliament attack is Canadian-born Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. OttawaShooting
Gunman killed in Parliament attack named as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, a Canadian born in 1982, American media report claims. cdnpoli Ottawa
Ottawa police confirm 3 separate shooting incidents today; 1 on Parliament Hill, 1 at War Memorial and 1 near area mall - ,
Watch as bullets fly inside hallways of Parliament Hill Ottawa
Just in: Canadian soldier killed in OttawaShooting today is Cpl. Nathan Cirillo Thoughts &amp; prayers to his family
BREAKING NEWS PHOTO GALLERY: Parliament Hill attacked, soldier shot at National War Memorial
LIVE:Coverage of "several shooting incidents" at and near Canadian Parliament:
The NHL has decided to postpone tonight's sens- leafs game in Ottawa. The right decision. The only decision.
NO, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was NOT wearing a GamerGate t-shirt during the Ottawa Shooting. The people spreading this are freaking sick.
Ottawa police confirm that there were multiple suspects in the shooting, saying there were "possibly 3" shooters.
All Ottawa police stations are closed. University of Ottawa in lockdown. Campus closed.
Ottawa police: Actively looking for one or more suspects in Canadian parliament shooting.
According to reports, one gunman is dead in Ottawa Parliament shooting. LIVE coverage:
The soldier shot dead in Wednesday's Ottawa attacks has been named as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo of HamOnt ottawashooting
BREAKING: At least 20 shots have been fired in the Canadian parliament in Ottawa, according to witnesses.
Police in Ottawa are searching for suspected gunmen who shot a solider and fired shots in Parliament this morning.
Ottawa police issued a statement. Three separate shooting incidents. Once inside parliament. One at the war memorial. One at Rideau Centre
The game between the Toronto Maple Leafs and Ottawa Senators scheduled for tonight in Ottawa has been postponed, the NHL says.
At the war memorial in. Ottawa. A soldier has been shot. They are giving him treatment now. breaking
MPs credit sergeant-at-arms for saving lives in Parliament Hill shootings
U.S. officials: Suspected shooter in Ottawa rampage identified as Canadian-born Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Live blog:
BREAKING NEWS: Soldier shot at National War Memorial in Ottawa
LATEST UPDATE: Attacker shot dead in Parliament after soldier shot at National War Memorial
MORE: reporting second shooting behind Peace Tower on Parliament Hill ottnews SHOOTER IS ON THE LOOSE.
BREAKING news: Shots fired at Parliament Hill. Follow developing story:
BREAKING: There have been two shootings on Parliament Hill. One of the victims is believed to be a member of the Canadian Forces.
The important name right now is Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. ottawa
HamOnt reservist Nathan Cirillo was on duty in Ottawa today when he was fatally shot.
UPDATED: Soldier killed in ottawashooting identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo from Hamilton.
EXTENDED VIDEO: Numerous gunshots heard inside Centre Block on Parliament Hill
University of Ottawa now in lockdown after earlier shooting at Canada's Parliament buildings, says
Soldier killed at war memorial identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo ottawashooting
CTV has received confirmation from Ottawa Police that there have been three different shooting incidents ottnews ottawashooting
Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, the soldier shot dead today in Ottawa. RIP sir and thank you for your service. OttawaShooting
***EXCLUSIVE*** Michael Zahaf-Bibeau caught on a DASHCAM model sold at OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Michael Zehaf-Bebeau had been designated "high-risk traveller" by CDN govt, which confiscated his passport
CLARIFICATION | The shooting was near the Rideau Centre, police say. Not inside it. cbcOTT OTTnews
Ottawa Police Service: There were "numerous gunmen" at the Canada War Memorial shooting. One person was shot.
Police say the shooter is on roof of building at Metcalfe and Sparks 1 block from Parliament Hill ottnews cbcott
No one hurt in shooting at Ottawa's Rideau Centre -- scene of 1 of 3 attacks, Canadian police say. ottawashooting
canada unreal. --&gt; Footage from Globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in Parliament Hill building
BREAKING: Shooter is dead, according to sources on Parliament Hill
Witness tells CBCNews suspected shooter of uniformed soldier at Ottawa's War Memorial was carrying rifle.
White House says US ready to offer Canada any necessary assistance after shootings in Ottawa. BarackObama to speak with PM Harper today.
BREAKING: Canada police investigating Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as possible suspect in Ottawa shooting: source familiar with matter
Ottawa Hospital confirms it has received 3 patients. 2 are in stable condition. Live blog:
BREAKING: CTV Ottawa confirms there were 3 separate shootings. One on Parliament Hill, one at National War Memorial, one near Rideau Centre
The University of Ottawa is no longer in lockdown. cbcOTT OTTnews
Witnesses say several dozen shots fired inside Parliament buildings after Canadian soldier shot at nearby War Memorial. cbcOTT OTTnews
I am so saddened by the death of a young man serving us and our great nation. God bless him Ottawa OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Soldier shot at War Memorial in Ottawa, Hill on lockdown, shooter at large ottnews
CTV News confirms that Canadian authorities have provided US authorities with the name Michael Zehaf-Bibeau in connection to Ottawa shooting
Reports of a shooting at Rideau Centre have misstated the shooting location.
Here's the footage shot by Globe reporter of gun fire in Parliament Hill building
Ottawa police confirm they are looking for more than one suspect in Parliament Hill shooting.
Police confirm multiple suspects involved in shooting incident at Ottawa War Memorial - ,
Witness tells CNN gunman shot one of two soldiers standing guard at war memorial in Ottawa. Live blog:
Corporal Nathan Cirillo, shot dead at Ottawa War Memorial today, was 24. Reservist was member of Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders cdnpoli
CBC News Ottawa has independently confirmed that the gunman who was shot and killed is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. cbcOTT OTTnews
BREAKING: NHL postpones tonight's Senators-Leafs game in Ottawa
Forever remember Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. Never speak of the shooter. OttawaShooting StaySafeOttawa StayStrongCanada
BREAKING news: Shots fired at Parliament Hill. Follow developing story:
CONFIRMED | 1 shooter shot dead at Parliament Hill, but there is more than 1 suspect. cbcOTT OTTnews
BREAKING: Soldier shot at the National War Memorial has died, CTV has confirmed
DEVELOPING NEWS: Soldier shot at War Memorial. Watch CBC NN for coverage. Or follow online:
MORE: Canadian soldier shot at war memorial has died; one of three suspected gunmen also dead, police say:
Witnesses say several dozen shots fired inside Parliament buildings after Canadian soldier shot at nearby War Memorial. Ottawa cdnpoli
BREAKING : NHL : The game between the Toronto Maple Leafs and Ottawa Senators, scheduled for tonight in Ottawa, has been postponed
UPDATE: This morning’s shooting incidents occurred at the National War Memorial and on Parliament Hill. Not Rideau Centre. ottnews
Kevin Vickers, head of security in parliament &amp; 29 yr vet of RCMP. Being credited for taking down shooter Ottawa
This is MyCanada .. Passing woman valiantly tries to save Hamilton Reservist shot in Ottawa .. OttawaShooting
Global News camera man reporting shots fired by Chateau Laurier hotel ottawa
Condolences pour in for family of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, killed in OttawaShooting
OTTAWA SHOOTING - Soldier shot at memorial - Gunfire in Parliament - PM safe, will speak later today
Ottawa Hospital says it received 3 patients after shootings; 2 stable, won't give update on soldier - statement
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is due to make a statement shortly, reports say OttawaShootings
Photos of the scene in Ottawa, where police confirm 'several' shootings
OTTAWA SHOOTING: - Soldier shot at war memorial - Parliament Hill locked down - PM Harper safe, 'off the hill'
Canadian media: Gunman shot soldier at war memorial.
Police are now investigating three shooting incidents in Ottawa at Parliament, shopping mall and War Memorial.
Parliament was stormed by at least one gunman who shot a soldier standing guard at Canada's war memorial. cbcOTT OTTnews
Only photo I will tweet. CPR being performed on the soldier now. I heard four shots. ottawa
RIP Cpl. Nathan Cirillo of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders CanadaStrong
Canada's Parliament Hill is on lockdown as police hunt shooting suspect; at least 1 injured - ,
UPDATE: Reports of 1 more shooter being SHOT. This is in addition to one shot and killed earlier in Parliament Hill ottnews OttawaShooting
UPDATE: Shots fired on Parliament Hill, soldier injured at National War Memorial in Ottawa
OTTAWA SHOOTING - Soldier shot at memorial has died: Globe, CTV - Harper to speak later today
Scene outside Canada's parliament where soldier shot by gunman at National War Memorial,
More shots fired just off Parliament Hill. Police telling everyone to take cover.
OTTAWA SHOOTING: Police killed 1 guman, believe 2 or 3 still at large - reports
Ottawa Police report a third shooting at Rideau Centre, no reports of injuries.
University of Ottawa is in lockdown, classes are cancelled
Canadian soldier killed in Ottawa identified // CDNpoli OttawaShooting
Updated: Full story on Nathan Cirillo, the soldier killed in Ottawashooting
BREAKING NEWS: Ottawa police now confirm one suspect has been killed. 2 suspects remain at large.
Very reliable source on Parliament Hill tells me the assailant has been killed. cdnpoli ottnews
Condolences to the family of the fallen officer in Ottawa He was a hero who bravely stood in defence of our country and our freedoms
OTTAWA! Sending postive vibes. Stay away from rooftops and windows in downtown. Shooter still in Parliament Hill:
Canada Soldier shot today: MT On Sunday very handsome guard in picture with my friend - RIP Nathan Cirillo
We are hearing a shooter is still on the loose here in DT Ottawa with a rifle please pray for our police and soldiers PrayForOttawa
Soldier killed at war memorial identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo ottawashooting
BREAKING: Hospital says it has received 3 victims from Ottawa shootings, 2 are in stable condition.
Shooting in downtown Ottawa, police evacuating Rideau Centre and closing off Wellington. Stay safe uOttawa students
Shooting in Canadian parliament comes day after ISIS-inspired radical drove in2 Canadian soldier. Also reports of shooting at War memorial/1
Canada identifies Muslim convert Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as suspected shooter in Ottawa attack, U.S. officials tell CNN. OttawaShooting
The RCMP and Ottawa police news conference is beginning now. Watch live: cbcOTT OTTnews
A Canadian soldier who was standing on guard for thee is gone. Our thoughts are w everyone affected by the shootings in Ottawa CanadaStrong
BREAKING: Police say soldier, 1 suspected gunman dead in Ottawa shootings.
RIP Corporal Nathan Cirillo Thank you for serving our country. Gone but never forgotten OttawaShooting
DEVELOPING story here: Gunman killed in Ottawa; 3 shootings confirmed
Ottawa police confirm shooting at War Memorial. Reports say victim may be a soldier.
Leafs-Sens game postponed after shootings on Parliament Hill
In response to Ottawa incidents, NORAD increased number of planes on higher alert status ready to respond if needed.
OttawaShooting police say they are investigating 3 shootings, one at War Memorial, one on Parliament Hill and one near Rideau Centre
UPDATE | Shots were fired inside Parliament Hill and gun fire was exchanged with hill security. cbcOTT OTTnews
Heartbreaking photo shows fallen soldier Nathan Cirillo just moments before shooting
BREAKING: Reports of second shooting behind Peace Tower, solider shot on War Memorial a short time ago. Shooter is on the loose.
Thoughts &amp; prayers go out to the soldier killed in Ottawa during the shooting &amp; everyone affected in Ottawa. PrayForOttawa OttawaShooting
ISIS Media account posts pic claiming to be Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, dead OttawaShooting terrorist via
All 3 patients injured in OttawaShooting released from hospital: Ottawa Hospital spokesperson. cdnpoli
Thoughts go out to the family of Nathan Cirillo, 24, who was just identified as the soldier killed in Ottawa today.
Cpl. Nathan Cirillo identified as soldier shot, killed in Ottawa today, aunt says -
Soldier killed in Canada shooting was a young reservist with a six-year-old son
BREAKING: "Dozens" of shots fired in Canada's Parliament after gunman entered main door, Ottawa journalist says.
Police in pursuit of multiple shooters in Ottawa; PM safe; downtown buildings in lockdown
Canadian soldier fatally shot identified as Nathan Cirillo. OttawaShooting HamOnt RIP
Tonight's game between Maple Leafs &amp; Senators has been postponed after shootings in Ottawa this morning. »
Police say shots fired at 3 Ottawa sites - National War Memorial, Parliament Hill, and now Rideau shopping centre
BREAKING: Ottawa Police confirm that a member of the Canadian Forces has succumbed to injuries in hospital following shooting...
NHL postpones Maple Leafs-Senators game after tragic shootings in Ottawa.
Timing of Parliament shootings - an hour later and 200+ MPs and dozens of reporters would have been in hall where shooting took place
True patriot love ... In Memory Of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo ~Hamilton, Ontario OttawaShooting CanadaStrong
CTV News has confirmed the name Canadian authorities provided to U.S. authorities is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. OttawaShooting
Rest in Peace, Cpl. Nathan Cirillo. Killed today in OttawaShooting
Snipers set up on National Art Gallery as we remain barricaded in Centre Block on Parliament Hill cdnpoli.
Alert thru press gallery email: RCMP advises if u r in downtown Ottawa to stay away from windows &amp; off roofs due to ongoing police incident
To the folks attending Saturday's NHL game in Ottawa: you're belting out O Canada for a whole nation. Let her rip.
WATCH VIDEO: Ottawa shooting witness clips:
Ottawa. Prayers up! CANADA
Image from shows police running to search buildings in downtown Ottawa.
CNN frustrated by Canadians' lack of panic. OttawaShooting cdnpoli
Police warn people in Ottawa to "stay away from windows &amp; off roofs" after Parliament shooting - follow our coverage:
The Canadian anthem will be performed at Flyers-Penguins tonight in support of Ottawa:
RCMP advises people to stay away from Parliament Hill due to ongoing police incident.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper is safe and has left Parliament Hill, spokesman says -
The Pittsburgh Penguins had Oh Canada sung tonight vs Philly in honour of the event in Ottawa. class
"Just evacuated from roof of Parliament Hill Centre Block" - OttawaShooting
Stay safe Ottawa. Stay strong Canada.
WaPo reports that black eyewitnesses who confirmed the Ferguson cop's story are afraid for their safety: Sickening.
BREAKING: Shooting reported at the War Memorial in Ottawa
Spokesperson for PMO says Prime Minister Stephen Harper safe, has left Parliament Hill. cdnpoli
CNN commentator already blaming our "lax" immigration policies for Parliament Hill shooting. Gimme a break.
Surreal photo from Ottawa: doors to the Tory Caucus Room on Parliament Hill, blockaded with furniture. Wow. cdnpoli
What an awful day in Ottawa. Thoughts and prayers are with our family, the entire city of Ottawa and all of Canada.
The RCMP intervention team members Parliament Hill
A nice touch from Penguins who host Flyers tonight: Canadian National anthem will be performed pre-game in support of events in Ottawa.
Police asking you not tweet abt, retweet, or otherwise report police locations &amp; activity in Ottawa. Help them do jobs safely. Please.
Israeli PM Netanayahu calls PM Harper to extend condolences for Ottawa shooting, eress full support for Canada's fight against terror.
Obama on the Ottawa shooting: 'We're all shaken by it'
RCMP advises people to stay away from Parliament Hill due to ongoing police incident.
Ottawa youth: If you need to talk: 24/7 Crisis Line 613-260-2360 or 1-877-377-7775 (toll free for Eastern Ontario) crisis.on.ca
Ottpolice and investigating several shooting incidents in downtown Ottawa.
Ottawa shootings: check out the Breaking News Handbook from :
Terrible news out of Ottawa… my thoughts are with you
Prayers to Ottawa. PrayForOttawa
Asked police if there is still gunman on loose. Officer: "This is not a safe environment. Everyone should go home. Hug your family." ottawa
My gosh, horrible events in Ottawa. Thoughts and prayers. Why? Why? Why?
KEY: Nothing in Wilson's story in new autopsy says he feared for his life or life of another, which is only legal justification for shooting
From Ottawa police, a map of the downtown Ottawa safety perimeter. cbcOTT OTTnews
Sending love to the people of Ottawa. Be safe everyone.
UPDATE: 2 dead in Houston hospital shooting
Our thoughts are with all those affected by today’s events in Ottawa.
Ottawa police are confirming a shooting at the War Memorial. Minutes ago. No other info. cbcOTT OTTnews
RCMP advises if you are in downtown Ottawa to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing police incident.
American and Canadian outlets are covering the shooting in Ottawa very differently:
Terrible news in Ottawa today. Thoughts and prayers to everyone involved OttawaStrong
My heart goes out to Ottawa and all those who have had violence and sickness force it's way into their lives. LoveForCanada LiveInLove
Still huge security presence in Ottawa as police search buildings - follow our coverage:
Our thoughts are with our friends in Ottawa. Stay safe everyone.
BREAKING: Injury reported after shooting at Canada’s War Memorial, near country’s Parliament, police say.
Security bulletin from Parliament Hill: ottawa
[Episode] 'War of Hormone' MV &amp; Photo shooting:
UPDATED: Obama condemns Ottawa shootings as 'outrageous,' offers to help with response
Overwhelming guilty verdict in Blackwater case -- murder, manslaughter, weapons -- declares 2007 Nisour Square shooting a criminal act.
Be safe Ottawa! Praying for everyone involved today.
Stay safe to everyone back home in Ottawa PrayForOttawa
Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone downtown Ottawa right now. PrayForOttawa Special thanks to the officers protecting us.
If you have pictures or video of the suspect, email them NatDiv_Media_DivNat-grc.gc.ca ottawa ottcity ottnews
A reminder for those observing the shooting on Parliament Hill: DO NOT tweet police locations and movements ottcity ottawa
The scene from Ottawa
Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson says "it is a sad and tragic day for our city and our country."
VIDEO: on what we currently know about the OttawaShooting
Please DO NOT tweet photos or locations of police in ottawa at the Parliament Buildings!
CityNews airing 4 newscasts dedicated to Ottawashooting. 5-7pm, 8-9pm &amp; 11pm ET WATCH LIVE:
There's already a flurry of Muslim hate tweets from Canada with what little details we know of Ottawa. Come on. We are better than this.
Our thoughts are with Ottawa.
Our prayers go to victims of the Ottawa shooting.
Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper safe &amp; has left Parliament Hill, which is under lockdown after shooting
BREAKING US Embassy in Ottawa on lockdown due to shooting at Parliament Hill
Parliament Hill Security: "the situation is evolving" - lockdown reinstated in offices around the Hill OttawaShooting
Americans should watch Canadian coverage of OttawaShooting; you'll quickly realize what a pathetic sh*tshow US politics &amp; media have become
UPDATE: uOttawa courses + exams officially cancelled for the whole day. Lockdown still in effect. Stay indoors, stay safe Ottawa ottcity
Parliament shooting a very active situation still at the moment. They are searching the building, presumably for a suspect or suspects.
Thinking of Layton's words: "Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair." ottawashooting
We are monitoring the situation in Ottawa and have been in touch with both Clubs. (1/2)
Striking image RT : Parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs, via . ottawa
Wishing everyone in Ottawa and all over Canada the best in the wake of today's shootings. I'll have a hug tomorrow for anyone who needs one
Thoughts and prayer goes out to all those involved in the tragic events this morning in Ottawa.
Ottawa is one of the world's great cities. Today's events do not change this.
Ottawa Police: Police stations closed due to ongoing shooting situation: "No public services available until further notice" -
WATCH LIVE: CP24's special coverage of the shootings in Ottawa
Yet again, sadly, evidence of just how brave our Forces &amp; Police folks are. What courage it takes to rush in when others rush out. Ottawa
Shooting at War Memorial - part of the area has been evacuated - Avoid Rideau Center and surroundings Protection monitoring
Photos of the OttawaShooting scene are unfolding after reports of multiple shootings:
Leafs under lock down during tragedy in Ottawa. Our thoughts are with those on the scene
Harden, Howard again named best at position in 2014-15 NBA GM Survey. Story:
Ottawa in April 2013 you stood with us &amp; called us BostonStrong TODAY we stand with you - You are OttawaStrong. OttawaShooting
All bus service in downtown Ottawa is currently under major detours. Details:
We stand w/ our Canadian partners as scene unfolds in Ottawa. We stand resolute in defense of our 2 nations.First responders in our thoughts
Pittsburgh Penguins announce they'll play the Canadian national anthem before tonight's game against Philadelphia. ottawashooting
We are One. We are Strong. ProudToBeACanadian PrayForOttawa OttawaShooting
Witnesses of today’s shooting incidents, call 613-236-1222 ext 5493.
Inside Parliament building in Ottawa as shots fired during police sweep Footage shot by
I always say Ottawa is the best place to be from and very safe. Nothing changes that today. A few people will not change our Capital!!
In his last three games, Kobe is averaging 26.7 points on 42% shooting, 4.3 rebounds and 3.7 assists in 31.3 minutes. MathIsFun
To those asking - yes I'm OK. Awful events here in Ottawa.
A timeline of what unfolded during the attack in Ottawa OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Police: Shooting incident reported near Canadian Parliament. Spokesperson: Prime Minister Harper "is safe" -
At least 2 shot, 1 fatally, in Houston hospital shooting, reports say
Chief of Defence Staff MT : Surreal photos out of Ottawa: VIP escorted on Sparks St
Stunning photos from Ottawa
U.S. jury finds four former Blackwater guards guilty on nearly every count related to 2007 Baghdad shooting.
'We could smell that gun powder': MPs, eyewitnesses describe Ottawa shooting scene
Intense new audio of OttawaShooting, people scrambling, "where do we go?" Sitroom
Please stay inside and stay safe if you are in the downtown core right now Ottawa We are here for anyone who needs to talk 613-238-3311
Very sad that someone died in Ottawa. Who has to die in a country to mobilize it for war? Is this what it takes? Is that where we are going?
Shot from inside caucus room after shooting ottawashooting.
Things to remember. OttawaShooting
Leafs are currently in lockdown mode in a hotel in downtown Ottawa.
I'm like a shooting star, I've come so far. I can't go back to where I used to be. –Jasmine (Aladdin)
On Monday, Paul George was back shooting hoops in the gym. Yesterday, practice became a 1-on-1 game vs. his dog:
I've left the Hill. Want to say I'm really impressed by way Ottawa Police and RCMP handled this miserable business.
Hoping everyone in Ottawa is safe...
Caucus room barricaded after shooting.
Statement on the shooting incident in Ottawa – elizabethmaymp.ca – October 22, 2014 GPC
We encourage anyone who needs to talk, to call us 613-238-3311 - this is terrifying in our beautiful city. Ottawa
Moment of silence for Ottawa.
RCMP asking for assistance if you have any photos or videos from ottawa shooting please send to: NatDiv_Media_DivNat-grc.gc.ca
Our thoughts are with everyone in the city of Ottawa today.
Stay away from the downtown area while the operation continues. ottnews ottawa ottcity
Today is exhausting on everyone's emotions - please know we are here for you 24/7 in ottawa &amp; surroundings areas 613-238-3311
.'s first-hand account of the scene in Ottawa that will 'change this country forever'
BREAKING OTTAWA police are asking Facebook and twitter users to stop reporting police locations ParliamentHill
If there is a bright spot in Ottawa today, it's that did an amazing job keeping that young Soldier alive.
Sorry you don't understand that is a knock at america and our issues with gun control. No one is minimizing the Ottawa shooting.
The OttawaShooting suspect who was killed was dropped by a gun nut who trained constantly. You're welcome, pansies.
Thoughts and prayers for everyone in Ottawa staystrong PrayForOttawa
Doors barricaded RT : Shot from inside caucus room after shooting ottawashooting.
Prayers for those in Ottawa, hope all is resolved soon...
Photos from the Parliament shooting scene
OttawaShooting is NOT Canada's 9/11. Let the damn officials figure out what's going on before the American media starts fear-mongering.
Latest photos from Ottawa's Parliament Hill
CANADA WHAT THE FUCK YOU SUPPOSE TO BE NICE PEOPLE OttawaShooting
Updated: The Ottawa attack heightened fears of Canada being a target for terrorists
Thoughts are with those in Ottawa today Parliament besafe
I covered Polytechnique, Concordia and Dawson shootings. Remember, at least half of what you hear about Ottawa shootings will prove untrue.
BREAKING: Obama: Canada shooting 'tragic' - 'we're all shaken by it'; no information on motive.
If you're thinking "I should tweet about how the situation in Ottawa conveniently benefits my party": step away from twitter now. cdnpoli
Dramatic photos from on the scene in Ottawa
PHOTO: Parliament Hill caucus room barricaded with furniture due to active shooter situation -
Incredible footage from of shots being fired in the Parliament building in Ottawa
We are deeply saddened and concerned by the events unfolding in Ottawa this morning. Our thoughts are with residents &amp; first responders.
Thoughts and prayers out to Ottawa and all affected today.
Public servants being asked to stay inside their buildings as the active shooter investigation continues in Ottawa. cbcOTT OTTnews
Our thoughts are with everyone involved in what is happening on Parliament Hill and Confederation Square this morning. Stay safe, Ottawa.
When you kill because your ideology calls you to do so, you r a terrorist. No euphemism can change that. Terrorism is terrorism. Ottawa
Pic from Conservative MP Nina Grewal of caucus is getting a lot of att'n on Twitter. : ottawashooting.
True north STONG and free RIP to the solider shot in the Ottawa shooting CanadaStrong OttawaShooting
Wow. Photo from MP Nina Grewal showing the doors of Reading Room Barricaded. ParliamentHill Ottawa "
Emergency responders escort VIPs out of a building near Parliament Hill following Ottawa shooting (Photo: Barcroft)
My thoughts and prayers are with the city of Ottawa.
Ottawa police say this area of downtown/Hill (See MAP) still under security-perimeter lockdown as of 5 pm ET
Canadian coverage of the Ottawa shootings was measured, calm, and presented actual facts. Why can't we do the same?
Breaking: Canadian embassy in Washington, D.C. is locked down as precaution. OttawaShooting
Talk to kids about Ottawa shootings, limit TV eure, psychologists say
Updated: List of reporters, witnesses, citizens, police and military tweeting from downtown ottawa.
Coincidence? Nobelist Malala Youseafzai was to receive honorary Canadian citizenship in Ottawa today
The TTC says it has “implemented heightened security across the entire transit system” in light of the shootings in Ottawa.
All Ottawa Police stations are closed to public due to shooting at War Memorial. No public services available until further notice ottnews
Parliament Hill is never going to be the same.
Wilson claimed he "radioed for assistance" Discredited by dispatch transcripts: Ferguson
Helpful for people watching and covering the events in Ottawa today (via ). Be safe everyone. cdnpoli
Please exercise restraint in looking for someone or some group to immediately blame for this. ottawashooting
Sending our thoughts and prayers to everyone in Ottawa at this difficult time. Pls follow &amp; for latest info.
Listen to our live special coverage of Parliament Hill shooting here
Watching Peter Mansbridge on CBC. Canadian journalism is calm, factual, not fear-mongering. The way it should be. ottawashooting
My own opinion but not sure how you can proceed with NHL game tonight in Ottawa.
I want to commend the courage and bravery of the first responders on the ground in Ottawa right now
NEW: U.S. Embassy in Ottawa is on lockdown due to shooting near Canadian Parliament -
Our thoughts are with everyone in Ottawa today. Stay safe.
. tells us what we know right now on the OttawaShooting
True north STRONG and free. Stay safe Ottawa. PrayForOttawa CanadaStrong
When you've planned a school shooting but realise you're too fat to run away from the police
Finally out of the building ottawashooting
BREAKING: Police asking media to RUN and get away. This is still active shooting. Reports of police with guns drawn ottnews
RT : RCMP advises if you are in downtown Ottawa to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing police incident.
My thoughts and prayers, and those of all Canadians, with everyone in Ottawa and the brave women and men of our armed forces today.
No matter where you are in Ottawa, there's a 100% chance your Mom is worried. Text/email/call your family.
We are here, we have people for you to talk to, if you are scared, anxious, stressed and need someone. 613-238-3311 Ottawa
We are continually assessing/monitoring situation to ensure we can do our jobs in keeping Canadians safe. Ottawashooting
Texas police officer receives death threats after video shows him fatally shooting a puppy
Our thoughts are with Emergency Responders and bystanders in Ottawa. Please stay safe.
Ottawa police confirm a shooting at Canada's National War Memorial -
Our thoughts are with everyone in Ottawa and those affected by today's events. OttawaStrong
Hearts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the shootings in Ottawa today.
Censorship: RCMP Asks Public Not to Post Photos, Videos of OttawaShooting
Praying for everyone in Ottawa right now
RCMP advises if you are in downtown Ottawa to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing police incident.
Everyone stand together on a day like this. Stay strong. Ottawa
Everyone in Ottawa, please stay safe.
BREAKING FROM RCMP: RCMP advises if you are in downtown Ottawa to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing police incident.
Our thoughts are with our nation's capital right now. Praying for those affected by today's tragic events at Parliament Hill in Ottawa.
Shooting incidents in Ottawa today: ongoing investigation
Stay safe Ottawa.
Justin Bieber shooting in a swimming pool at 11 JustinBieber
Ottawa City Hall is currently in lock-down. Please avoid the area.
"If you can see Parliament Hill, you're in danger," cop shouts at me, behind the Chateau Laurier.
Shooting investigation going on for more than 3 hours. Much of downtown Ottawa still in lockdown: cbcOTT OTTnews
If your first response to the ottawashooting is to make a political point, your humanity is sadly and sorely lacking.
When your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s.
Ottawa, you've been on my mind all day. Keeping you in my heart. StaySafeOttawa
I am sharing this with you. Please feel free to post it on your status to show ur support for Ottawa OttawaStrong
Along with all our fellow Canadians, our thoughts are with the family of the member killed today. OttawaShooting
I will be broadcasting tonight from Ottawa with latest on shootings AC360. Live at 8pm and 11pm
Message from Toronto Police to Imams and Mosques in wake of OttawaShootings:
Canadian Forces bases across country being closed to public in wake of shooting of soldier at Ottawa War Memorial. cdnpoli
Our thoughts are with our friends in Ottawa today at this difficult time. StaySafeOttawa
RT : Being told at CBC Ottawa that "situation is evolving," told to "remain in current location until further notice" OttawaShooting
Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the shootings in Ottawa. Stay safe! PrayForOttawa
Still trapped here, barricaded. Not in my office, but elsewhere. OttawaShooting
Thinking about everyone in Ottawa right now. Please be careful and stay safe until the situation is under control.
You are not alone today Ottawa - we are here if you need to talk, cry, whatever, we are here 613-238-3311
The thoughts and prayers of Toronto are with Ottawa right now, and with the families of those affected by these attacks
McMaster's flags have been lowered in memory of today's shooting victim in Ottawa.
Whoops sorry. Ottawa*
Ok CNNBreakingNews stop calling it Royal Canadian MOUNTAIN Police. OttawaShooting Heroes KevinVickers
Ottawa Police Press Release
active shooting in Canada, or as we call it in america, wednesday
Ottawa Police asking FB and Twitter users to STOP reporting police locations and movements.
Be careful what you read about Ottawa, and what you repeat. tipsheet via
At times like these it is important to stand together as a nation. CanadaStrong Ottawa Stay safe, remain vigilant!
Pittsburgh will play the Canadian National anthem before tonights game in support of Ottawa. This makes me happy.
Chairs piled against the door. This is surreal. RT": Shot from inside caucus room after shooting. "
Please, no partisan commentary about what’s happening in Ottawa. Leave the damned politics for another day.
My friend's mom is in Korea right now and she met Yonghwa, shooting for his drama. Here you go.
Stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting
My thoughts are with our good friends &amp; neighbors to the north WeLoveYouCanada OttawaShooting
Justin Bieber playing hockey.. Nice move but he couldn't even keep his balance while shooting...
Simply shocked at what's unfolding in Canada's capital. Thinking of you, Ottawa.
Australian PM Tony Abbott says security has been increased in Canberra following OttawaShootings
All of joins the in thinking of those affected by today's tragedy in Ottawa.
The correct descriptor is "shooter" not "radical" or "muslim" or "terrorist" ottnews ottawashooting cdnpoli
RCMP asking for assistance if you have any photos or videos from ottawa shooting please send to: NatDiv_Media_DivNat-grc.gc.ca
Anyone with photos or videos from today's shootings, send to at this link ottawa
Just saw a member of the public go up to a CF member and shake his hand and thank him for his service. nice OttawaShooting
LIVE: Ongoing - coverage of active shooting incident near Canadian Parliament:
Thoughts and prayers with everyone affected by the tragic events here in Ottawa this morning. Stay safe! OttawaStrong
Downtown yxe. This man says he's marching for Ottawa. ottawashooting cbcyxe
Security measures heightened across Canada amid Ottawa attack
Keep advice from the Breaking News Consumers' Handbook in mind as coverage of Ottawa continues
To all in Ottawa, stay safe &amp; strong. Thank God for Sgt at Arms Kevin Vickers &amp; our Cdn security forces. True heroes cndpoli
A reminder for those observing the shooting on Parliament Hill: DO NOT tweet police locations and movements ottcity ottawa
It's okay to be scared. We are here for you 613-238-3311 Ottawa
Our thoughts are with those in Ottawa today. Stay safe, everyone.
Tip Sheet: Helping Kids Cope with Media Coverage of War and Traumatic Events ottawashooting
I woke up today believing Ottawa was a safe place for my family. I'll go to bed tonight thinking the same thing. Stay strong, stay calm.
“Stay safe Ottawa” is a phrase that need never be uttered in a just world.
Thinking of our friends in Ottawa this morning. Please be safe.
List of reporters, MPs, police etc. actively tweeting about the shooting in Ottawa.
Last 3 Gms: 27 Pts 5Reb 4Ast 26 Pts 4Reb 5Ast 27 Pts 4Reb 2Ast But He's Not A Top Ten Shooting Guard
Shooting at the war memorial in Ottawa.
"Soldiers at the Cenotaph": editorial cartoon by Brian Gable OttawaShooting
We'll never forget today &amp; the brave men and women working hard to protect our capital! Thank you from Ottawa
American media: stop calling OttawaShooting "Canada's 911" We don't know who or why yet. Canadians prefer to spread facts,not fear cdnpoli
Anyone with tips regarding the shooting incidents, or those looking to report suspicious activity, can call 613-236-1222 x5493 or call 9-1-1
JUST IN: US Embassy in Ottawa on lockdown following shooting incidents at and near Canadian Parliament -
According to 2014-15 GM Survey, Kobe is the 3rd best shooting guard.
IN LOCKDOWN | Many buildings in downtown Ottawa in lockdown as shooting investigations continue: cbcOTT OTTnews
OTTAWA police are asking Facebook and twitter users to stop reporting police locations
Media Advisory - Update on the current operation with respect to the shootings in the Ottawa downtown core
Our thoughts are with Ottawa this morning. Stay safe.
Days like today make us realize that hockey is only a game. Ottawa be safe.
OttawaShooting situation is fluid and ongoing. Remain vigilant and aware. Tip line 613-236-1222 x5493 c: ^JT
Some sort of live terror shooting seems to be going on in Canada. Pray for our polite neighbors to the north.
JUST IN: White House official: Pres. Obama has been briefed on shooting incidents in Canadian capital -
If you're on Parliament Hill, please don't Tweet your location or that/activities of police for your/their safety during incident. Ottawa
Actually amazing. RT : Things to remember. OttawaShooting
BREAKING: Four Blackwater guards convicted of voluntary manslaughter in 2007 Baghdad shooting
The RCMP are asking anyone with pictures or videos of today's events in Ottawa to submit them at the following link:
The sad poignant irony of a soldier felled at the foot of the Cenotaph. It is to weep. Remembrance Day will feel different. OttawaShooting
Prayers out to Ottawa...
Ottawa police, Twitter users urging those on the scene to STOP tweeting police officer locations. Ottawa
Stay Strong Canada. ottawashooting
just met with cabinet ministers to discuss the shootings in Ottawa today.
Police with guns drawn at seen of war memorial shooting.
RCMP saying stay away from windows if you are in downtown Ottawa
The powerful War Memorial mouth-to-mouth image being shared is by 's Wayne Cuddington. ottnews ottawa
Sickening news from this morning. Thoughts with those downtown and the law men and women working to keep our city safe. Ottawa
RT : [Episode] BTS 'War of Hormone' MV &amp; Concept Photo shooting (with Eng sub.) () 호르몬전쟁 Hello_hello
In case the world is wondering, this is more what we're used to seeing on Parliament Hill. OttawaShooting
Canadian cabinet minister Jason Kenney says "Canada will not be terrorised or intimidated" following OttawaShooting
What we know so far about the Canadian Parliament shooting in Ottawa
‘We refuse to be silenced': Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne defiant in face of Ottawa shooting
Just to confirm again, the large power outages in Ottawa aren't related to today's shootings: cbcOTT OTTnews
Canada's Coverage of the Ottawa Shootings Put American Cable News to Shame
Mayor of Ottawa says it's been a "sad &amp; tragic day" for the city and for Canada
Kudos to , both national anthems to be played tonight before Flyers-Pens game as gesture to Ottawa tragedy
The governing party’s meeting. Wow. : Parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs, via . ottawa
Texted a friend who works on Parliament Hill, &amp; got the perfect response [redacted for obvs reasons] OttawaShooting
Kurdistan is with you Canada &amp; Israel, we are fighting ISIS right now. TwitterKurds Ottawa Jerusalem Kobane ISIL
RT : Ottawa: don't tweet your location. Don't tweet the location of police units. Resist urge to look at what's happening
New evidence, including autopsy report, supports Darren Wilson's account of Ferguson shooting
Our thoughts and prayers are with the city of Ottawa and all those affected by today's events.
Police, bystanders and soldiers rushed in to help after the Memorial shooting in Ottawa
Ottawa shooting: How events unfolded, First shots fired at 9:52 a.m. at the War Memorial
WATCH LIVE CBCNN coverage of shooting in Ottawa Desktop: Mobile:
Frightening events here in Ottawa. Game has yet to be postponed but betting it will be. Schools and malls have been closed
Surreal photos out of Ottawa: This is a VIP being escorted on Sparks Street
BREAKINGNEWS: Update - One person shot at War Memorial in Ottawa, police say
IMPORTANT: Ottawa police are urging people NOT to tweet the location of police activity in the field. Shooting scene remains active.
In photos: Scenes from Canada's dark day ottawashooting
Canine unit running to Parliament Hill
Leafs Joffrey Lupul praises officers in Ottawa, as team remains in lock down
This isn't my Ottawa.
BREAKING: PMO says PM Harper is safe and has left Parliament Hill
To everyone in Ottawa, please stay safe. PrayForOttawa from Indonesia
The scene at the War Memorial in Ottawa
Please DO NOT tweet locations of officers in Ottawa in light of what has just occured! Safety
‘ Ottawa shooting shouldn’t be used as pretext for stripping away more civil liberties’
You may want to stop and take a deep breath before tweeting insults at parliamentarians and reporters in ottawa today, OK?
Canadian police say OttawaShooting "caught us by surprise"
Coverage of the Ottawa shooting, in one very revealing screenshot
Follow our live coverage of the shootings in Ottawa here: ottawashooting
Officer Wilson will not face any criminal charges in the MichaelBrown shooting. He was defending himself. Be prepared people.
News of the attack in Ottawa is extremely disturbing. I pray for everyone's safety.
Due to shooting at Parliament Hill in Ottawa earlier, we are currently on lockdown. We will update once further information is available.
If you're in Ottawa and upset, scared, anxious about today's events, don't hesitate to call : 613-238-3311 OttawaShooting
I applaud for not speculating and only reporting what is known. American media could use some of this restraint. OttawaShooting
LIVE STREAM: CBC News coverage of the OttawaShooting Mobile: CBCNN
RAW VIDEO War Memorial shooting. cbcnews
It’s important for all Canadians to be vigilant and report anything they think is suspicious to their local police. Ottawashooting
Our thoughts are with everyone in Ottawa at this time.
Ottpolice and are asking the public to stay away from the downtown Ottawa area. Ongoing investigation.
The barricade of chairs MPs built to protect themselves from OttawaShootings
PM Netanyahu spoke with Canadian PM Harper and conveyed the condolences of the Israeli people in wake of the terrorist attack in Ottawa.
Our Thoughts are with Ottawa today. OhCanada
Canadian police warn people in Ottawa to stay away from windows and roofs due to ongoing shooter incident -
All Ottawa Police building remain in lockdown and closed to the public. ottnews
Anyone in downtown Ottawa reminded to stay inside, away from roofs, windows and doors. Please stay safe out there. cbcOTT OTTnews
RCMP asking for assistance if you have any photos or videos from ottawa shooting send to: NatDiv_Media_DivNat-grc.gc.ca
Canadians: in sadness &amp; outrage at today's OttawaShooting tragedy, let us be united—resolved to stand strong, together. cdnpoli
Shooting up public places than claiming insanity, stealing other people's land, mass genocides RT : What's white culture?
MORE: A spokesman says Prime Minister Stephen Harper was safe and had left Parliament Hill:
the just sent an email to muslim community leaders to call them if they feel unsafe or they're at risk ottawashooting
Here are my thoughts as we face tragic events in Ottawa, our nation’s capital.
Parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs, via . ottawa
Sending love &amp; support to my hometown Ottawa Canada. Pls everyone be safe, thinking of u all.
Canadian police, backed by armoured vehicles, have surrounded Parliament building in Ottawa
Remembrance Day ceremony in Ottawa is emotional every year. Can't imagine what it will be like this year. The entire country may be there.
The moment of silence in Anaheim also meant to honor all those affected by the tragedy in Ottawa today
Raw footage and live coverage of shooting at Parliament:
Events like today's in Ottawa are rare, but have an impact on all of us. Here are tips to help you support children:
Thoughts and prayers to everyone in my hometown today. Ottawa
Dear confused right-wing friends: my article was about Monday's car incident, not the Ottawa shooting this morning
The OttawaShooting was terrorsim as was forthoodshooting and oklahomabeheading...
PHOTOS: We love Ottawa:
Thoughts are with Ottawa today. What is happening is terrible.. StaySafeOttawa
UPDATED: Photos from shooting on Parliament Hill:
Please forward any tips, photos or videos to NatDiv_Media_DivNat-grc.gc.ca OttawaShooting c: ^JT
Thinking of Layton's words: "Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair." ottawashooting
We have no idea who is responsible for the ottawashooting so why are instant commentators talking about ISIS? Please stop politics of fear
(Sigh) what a horrible day. Someone had to lose a life at a place where we honour those who fought for us. Ottawa
Incredible shot: A woman gives mouth-to-mouth to a fallen soldier at the War Memorial
Photos of the scene unfolding after multiple shootings in Ottawa this morning.
If the dudes who shot up Ottawa are white, are we going to have a conversation about terrorism or is it going to be "mental illness"?
LIVE BLOG | For tweets from reporters covering the shootings in Ottawa, click cbcOTT OTTnews
BC stands with all of Canada against the violence in Ottawa, and with the brave men and women keeping our capital safe.
Our thoughts are with those in Ottawa and everyone affected by today's events.
After today we will officially be done shooting for the SurrenderMusicVideo !! It's looking AMAZING so far btw! cantwait
Shooting also come after Canadian ISIS fanboy Abu Turaab (acct suspended now) tweeted about pending attack in Canada /2
Still in lockdown. Am safe. Check for video of the attack on Parliament Hill. Ignore any cursing you hear from me.
The Players and Staff of the NHLPA have the City of Ottawa &amp; Canadian Armed Forces personnel in our thoughts today.
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Ottawa this morning.
Parliament Hill attack: Ottawa residents captures images of chaos amidst lockdown
Sad about OttawaShooting. Worse, shooter might b guy who calls himself Muslim. Pls world dont judge 1.5 billion Muslims by some extremists.
Atlantic cadet programs cancelled, other cadets advised to not wear uniform but show up in business casual. OttawaShooting
Ok so we were on a tour at that war monument in Ottawa a few minutes ago, a few seconds later there was a shooting..
Canada Prime Minister Stephen Harper safe, has left parliament Hill: TV quoting PM's office
[Episode] BTS 'War of Hormone' MV &amp; Concept Photo shooting (with Eng sub.) () 호르몬전쟁 Hello_hello
The violence of OttawaShooting has left a city on edge. After the chaos, here's what we know:
Just hearing the news, thoughts today are back home with the citizens and dedicated public servants in Ottawa and across the country.
Stay safe Ottawa...world is getting worse by the minute...like seriously society needs to figure it out PrayForOttawa
Thoughts and prayers with everybody in Ottawa. Stay safe. OttawaStrong CanadaStrong
Penguins will also have the Canadian National Anthem before tonight's game. A thoughtful gesture by the Pens. Sing loud, Pittsburgh Ottawa
Kudos to first responders working in Ottawa today. They are the real heroes.
Ottawa friends—Canadians are with you, coast to coast. OttawaShooting cdnpoli
Our phone lines are open 24/7 for your use, if you need someone to talk to. 613-238-3311 Ottawa
Our thoughts are with Ottawa today. Important to always look for the helpers.
MORE: Royal Canadian Mounted Police warned people in downtown Ottawa to stay away from windows and rooftops:
Why Canada is great RT : Message from Toronto Police to Imams and Mosques in wake of OttawaShootings:
Sending thoughts and prayers to everybody in Ottawa. OttawaStrong CanadaStrong
Kind words from U.S. re Cdn coverage of horrifying OttawaShooting. Kudos to our colleagues on a tough day:
Ottawa: don't tweet your location. Don't tweet the location of police units. Resist urge to look at what's happening, get out of the area.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Ottawa.
My thoughts go to those impacted by today's senseless attacks in Ottawa. ProudlyCanadian ProudlyFree WeStandOnGuardForThee
RT : [Episode] BTS 'War of Hormone' MV &amp; Concept Photo shooting (with Eng sub.) () 호르몬전쟁 Hello_hello
Cops are running with guns drawn, they're clearing streets in downtown Ottawa, and there are snipers on the rooftops.
My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families of the victims of today’s shootings in Ottawa, as well as with all Members of Parliament &amp; staff
Justice Served: Michael Dunn gets life in prison for shooting unarmed Jordan Davis: Now what?
Canada will remain the true North, strong and free, after today. These events can't, and won't, break our spirit. cdnpoli OttawaShooting
Our thoughts are with all those affected by today's events in Ottawa.
Our thoughts &amp; prayers go out to everyone affected by the events in our nation's capital. OttawaStrong Ottawa
RCMP advises if you are in downtown Ottawa "to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing police incident. "
Images from the scene of the deadly shooting in Ottawa.
NHL reportedly monitoring situation in Ottawa after shootings, could postpone Sens/Leafs game.
Authorities refuse to say whether Parliament Hill gunman a Canadian citizen, or whether he was one of 90 people on terror surveillance list.
Ottawa police tactical officers are here and very kindly pointed their guns at every reporter, ordering hands in the air and us to ground
RT : Incredible shot: A woman gives mouth-to-mouth to a fallen soldier at the War Memorial hillshooting
This is our Home True North Strong &amp; Free - thoughts &amp; prayers to the people of Ottawa &amp; all of Canada OttawaStrong
Ottawa Canada identifies the gunman who is probably Muslim but that will not be mentioned.
Canada showing why its regarded as such a great nation OttawaShooting CanadaStrong
Watch coverage of the Ottawa shootings put American cable news to shame. My summary: via
More than a half-dozen witnesses have provided testimony that supports officer's account of Michael Brown shooting
Incredible photo: woman gives mouth to mouth to wounded solider at ottawashooting
I'm appalled by today's attack in Ottawa. I offer my full support to and the Canadian people as they deal with this incident.
If you are working in the Ottawa dowtown area; follow the instructions from the building management you are in. ottnews
This is a very important message to share with children today. OttawaShooting
VIDEO: Key moments in today's Parliament Hill shootings.
There is fear and uncertainty about what has happened in Ottawa, but democracy will not be silenced. Stay safe, Ottawa. cdnpoli
Just received email message from Chief Charles Bordeleau ottshooting OttawaShooting
Passersby working on shooting victim. From the CBC's Jason Ho. cbcOTT OTTnews
Thinking of everyone in Ottawa this morning. Thoughts and prayers are with the solider and their family. Canada
Ottawa, be safe, be smart.. The Hill is under attack
Makes me sad what's going on in Ottawa right now. Thoughts and prays to everyone involved. Everybody stay safe
Remember: do NOT tweet location of police in Ottawa OttawaShooting
Please do not post videos or photos of the on-going incident to ensure safety of first responders and the public. Ottawa ^JT
Easty for me to say from where I am, but what should happen, tomorrow or when this is over, is for people to assemble on Parliament HIll…
BREAKING: President Obama has been briefed on the situation in Ottawa, White House official says.
Some personal thoughts on a tragic day in Ottawa:
Our thoughts are with the city of Ottawa and those affected by today's events. Be safe.
I admire the way Canadians are responding to the ottawashooting. Keeping the focus on the victims rather than the perpetrators.
JUST IN: Canadian military bases being closed after soldier shot at Nat'l War Memorial, ongoing situation near Parliament -
": Dramatic photos from on the scene in Ottawa " PrayForOttawa
Chairs against door. MT : Photo from inside caucus room after shooting
. is safe and has left Parliament Hill.
