Hoppla! : Swiss Rumors: Putin absence due to girlfriend Alina giving birth in Ticino
Putin Mistress Alina Kabayeva announce she has given birth to a boy Putindead via
Little doubt putin &amp; his mistress were last week in Lugano &amp; gave birth to a daughter!
Kremlin preparing major announcement, journalists asked not to depart for weekend - PutinIsMissing PutinDead Putin
Big announcement in Kremlin Whole world in suspense hoping the wicked witch is dead! putindead
RT : Rumors in Switzerland: Putin absence due to his girlfriend Alina Kabaeva giving birth in Ticino
. the latest...via MT Putin absence due to girlfriend giving birth
No, don't know where Putin is but no coup's today Russia -- ever rational on current tea cup storm
former adviser Andrei Illarionov claimed Putin had fallen victim to a palace coup . - via
Was Vladimir Putin netralized by an internal coup? Or maybe he's vacationing in Harper's closet: LookingForNarnia
Can Putin's Absence Indicate A Palace Coup In Moscow? europe russia via
COUP IN THE KREMLIN? PUTIN'S ABSENCE FUELS RAMPANT SPECULATION Russia o4a news -
BREAKING NEWS: Possible Military Coup in Russia? Putin biographer confirms ' something happening at the kremlin '
Well, this might elain everything: Kabayeva rumoured to have delivered a baby in Switzerland GER Putin
RUMORS about Putin started with a stroke, then he's sick, and now this What's next... Russia cdnpoli dirtydeeds
No, don't know where Putin is but no coup's today Russia -- ever rational on current tea cup storm
Vladimir Putin has been neutralised' by stealthy coup via
Putin's son born today? &gt;&gt; via
Фейк?! или Путина убили! According to reports in Russia there was a military coup. President Vladimir Putin killed
Putin is our baby!
putindead putin Can Putin's Absence Indicate A Palace Coup In Moscow? via
Can Putin's Absence Indicate A Palace Coup In Moscow? Russia
Coup? RT : Rumors all Russian military attaches at embassy in London have returned to Moscow:
Has Putin Been Overthrown in a Palace Coup?
Don't know if putindead is true but trying to start WW3 surely puts a price on one's head.
Media told not to leave Moscow &amp; eect statements fr Kremlin No flag on building putindead
Reports claim Putin disappeared due to impending political coup
Heydar Jemal told Georgian television:"I think Putin blocked by security forces and now negotiations with him.There is a coup d'etat " 1\2
Israel’s Ex-Ambassador To Russia: “There Are Signs Of A Coup” Against Putin tcot pjnet gop
Has Vladimir Putin disappeared because he is fending off a political coup? Russia
Can Putin's Absence Indicate A Palace Coup In Moscow?
Update: Is it a girl? Putin cc:
putindead friend met Alina Kabaeva Jan 19 &amp; took this pic she clearly NOT pregnant. strike baby theory off list
Latest rumour from Moscow: Sergei Shoigu has ousted Putin in a behind-the-scenes coup. That man makes Putin look like a kitten.
Eert: Vladimir Putin’s Disappearance Could Mean Russia’s Undergoing a Coup tcot
UPDATE: Russian President Vladimir Putin in baby rumours as insider warns of Kremlin cou
1Week ago: Interest in a palace coup against Putin said growing among Russian Elites
Construction on red Square, mystery announcement &amp; the Russian flag has been taken down over the Kremlin. PutinDead?
Has Putin disappeared because he is fending off a political coup? Former aide claims another ... Russia
Punk may be dead – but never Putin! putindead
Can Putin's Absence Indicate A Palace Coup In Moscow? Leadership Forbes
Why Putin’s “Coup” Might be a Staged Event to Win Back the West
Can Putin's Absence Indicate A Palace Coup In Moscow
Vladimir Putin reappears on television amid rumours his 'girlfriend' is about to give birth
Putin just became a typical Russian father...he's still missing. putindead
Why the Russian oil crash could threaten Putin with a palace coup - WhereIsPutin putindead Putin Kremlin Moscow
PutinDead speculation really like old times when West speculated on health of Soviet leaders
Tanks Around Moscow, Putin Missing: Is It A Coup Or Is Putin With Pregnant Lover?? (Picture)
Who's the daddy? One elanation for Putin's absence. His 32 year old girlfriend checked into Swiss maternity unit.
Is Putin facing palace coup?
NEWEST Putin rumour, his girlfriend just gave birth to their child cdnpoli Russia
Eert: Vladimir Putin’s Disappearance Could Mean Russia’s Undergoing a Coup tcot
A General's coup is not necessarily hard to organise. Putin is in his villa complex outside Moscow, and people just stop taking his calls.
Vladimir Putin’s Disappearance Could Mean Russia’s Undergoing a Coup
Flag removed, huge stage being built, journalists told not to leave Moscow pending big announcement. Has there been a coup or Putin dead?
Rumours emerging that a coup has taken place in Russia and Shoigu has replaced Putin
Maybe Putin has just been on paternity leave? - says Kabaeva has checked into a Swiss clinic to give birth
Vladimir Putin’s Disappearance Could Mean Russia’s Undergoing a Coup | tcot
Israel’s Ex-Ambassador To Russia: "There Are Signs Of A Coup" Against Putin
Rumor is that Primakov orchestrated coup against Putin(successful), and right now, there's a battle to replace Medvedev with Ivanov.
Very good on Putin coup by : Three Scenarios For A Succession In Russia via
Rumors in Switzerland: Putin absence due to his girlfriend Alina Kabaeva giving birth in Ticino cc
Palace coup? "It's quite possible we are seeing the last days of the setting of the political star of V.V. Putin"
Reports claim that the military may be organizing a coup to topple Putin. It's the only institution in Russia that could pull it off.
Is this how a coup against Vladimir Putin might happen?
BREAKING NEWS Putin biographer confirms ' something happening at the kremlin ' Military Coup?
Eert: Vladimir Putin's Disappearance Could Mean Russia's Undergoing a Coup: Russian President Vladimir Putin...
Why Putin’s “Coup” Might be a Staged Event to Win Back the West | FrontPage Magazine
No Russian leader as charismatic as Putin except Nemtsov. Coup scenario: Whoever broke cardinal rule &amprdered Nemtsov hit needed him gone.
RED ALERT: Israel’s former ambassador to Russia: ‘There are signs of a coup’~ wearethepeople tcot
And you thought it was Putin's back? Alina Kabaeva allegedly gave birth to a child in Switzerland.
Lūk tā RT : Rumors in Switzerland: Putin absence due to his girlfriend Alina Kabaeva giving birth in Ticino
Military coup in Kremlin and putin has been removed from power? Bullsh1t! 89% Russian people support &amp; adore him! putin is their new stalin
Kremlin: Huge Announcement As Unmarked White Trucks Flood Into Moscows Red Square Kremlin Russia Putindead Putin
Putin ousted in coup??? Ok just asking!
It just feels very odd.What'ss going on in Kremlin? Military coup and putin removal?I'm afraid the next Russia's leader won't be any better
What next?"CIA source Putin has Flu"(Vladimir Flutin?) Russia Putindead Ukraine For 9 DAYS?
Swiss tabloid drops this about: Putin secret baby mission in Ticino
Vladimir Putin's Disappearance Could Mean Russia's Undergoing a Coup - : TheBlaze.comVlad...
Putin reappears on television amid rumours his 'girlfriend' is about 2 give birth
on the Putin disappearance scare. A military coup? Not so fast...
.: "Some day, I suspect Putin will fall to a political coup," but not today.
"Putin umer" or "Putin has died," is now trending on the Russian Internet. putindead
putindead it's entirely possible that this is a staged "disappearrance". Ivan the Terrible and Stalin both pulled that gag, IIRC.
No Coups Today... No, I don't know where Putin is, but I am pretty sure no coup's going down in Moscow Russia
After their exclusives on Putin and Kabayeva's first two babies, Page Six must be mad at getting scooped on the third
Palace coup? "It's quite possible we are seeing the last days of the setting of the political star of V.V. Putin"
Vladimir Putin's Disappearance Could Mean Russia's Undergoing a Coup: “ ПутинУмер”
Unformed Russian Embassy staff in London have left for Russia Rumours Putin HAS DIED! via PutinDead?
Putin reappears on TV amid claims he is unwell and under threat of coup
Has Putin Fallen Ill, or Fallen to a Coup?
Coup in Russia? Good article by . RamzanKadyrov Putin putindead
No putsch, no illness, just a Putin jr. born in Switzerland - Swiss tabloid claimes
CAN PUTIN'S ABSENCE INDICATE A PALACE COUP IN MOSCOW? - Forbes SmartNews DAVICTABN
Eert: Vladimir Putin’s disappearance could mean Russia’s undergoing a coup:
According to this article Putin might be AWOL due to his gf giving birth in Ticino.
Eert: Vladimir Putin's Disappearance Could Mean Russia's Undergoing a Coup via
The internet has now pronounced dead RIPPutin VladimirPutin Putin putindead
Is Putin in Switzerland with Kabayeva? I'm skeptical
I heard Putin escaped the Kremlin and is on his way to his girl in Switzerland. Putindead PutinPregnant
Russian President Vladimir Putin to be 'ousted in coup' as rumours swirl over ill-health
if putin is dead here is what happens next putindead
Russian President Vladimir Putin to be 'ousted in coup' as rumours swirl over ill-health
Putin "disappearance" Rumor: He Is In Switzerland ATS putinmissing putindead Kremlin
Is Putin facing palace coup?
"Putin's continued absence suggests a palace coup." Shooting Nemtsov may have been a bridge too far.
This appears to be the original source of the Putin/Kabayeva/Swiss clinic rumour
Rumour: Ivanov to take over for Putin in Russian coup
Latest (baseless) rumour from Moscow: Sergei Shoigu has ousted Putin in a behind-the-scenes coup. That man makes Putin look like a kitten.
Putin/s "death" or another maskirovka? Military helo's flying over Moscow &gt; Reddit Russia Putindead NATO
Swiss Paper Putin missing due to daughter born to mistress Alina Kabayeva Putindead Russia
Where's Putin? putindead
I spend a lot of time in Ticino. Kinda offended Putin never even said hello.
Has Putin disappeared because he is fending off a political coup? via
Announcement coming from russia. Some say coup, some say war w/UK or Putin is dead. I say new version of USSR coming. New flag.
Vladimir Putin reappears on television amid claims that he us unwell and under threat of a coup.... Russia
Rumors in Ticino/Switzerland: Putin's baby already born? cc:
Eert: Vladimir Putin’s Disappearance Could Mean Russia’s Undergoing a Coup
Poll shows that Putin's popularity - amidst rumours of his death - is increasing (now 88 %). I.e Russians like him better DEAD? putindead
Coup scenario:Ivanov killed Nemtsov,blamed it on Chechens(an enemy) knowing everyone would "know" it was Putin,disabled some Chechen leaders
putindead friend met Alina Kabaeva Jan 19 &amp; took this pic she clearly NOT pregnant. strike baby theory off list
Israel’s Ex-Ambassador To Russia: “There Are Signs Of A Coup” Against Putin
Kremlin 'coup' rumours after Russia's President Vladimir Putin's week-long absence | World | News | Daily Eress
Tanks in Moscow Mysterious stage being set up on red square Putin missing for 10 days I swear, the coup theory climbs ever in my mind
Oleg Shro of Novy Region claims to have source saying coup under way, Putin dead, Shoigu in charge, UNVERIFIED
Ok we can scratch Putin pregnant mistress off the list via Putindead Russia
Tanks in Moscow, no tanks in Moscow, Putindead, putin not dead, Kabayeva gave birth, Kabayeva was't pregnant. Too much speculations. Night
the plot thickens - putindead
Where's Putin? Is he at a pool party in Vegas? Can you find him in this picture? findputin whereswaldo putindead
Why do I see tanks in front of Moscow Mayor's office? putinmissing
PutinDead - Amazing how quickly the satirical songs and videos are produced. путинумер ПутинСдох
This man was seen in Grozny yesterday evening when jumped out of a black SUV. putindead putin
": The silence of those who know seems much more telling than the words of those who guess - putindead"
I'm back! Few days of "me time". Secretly had a bit of work done. It's taken years off me! ПутинУмер putindead
I have a feeling Putin will reappear and declare full-scale war against Ukraine from Red Square tomorrow putin putindead
Radical Forces Of A Big Blood To Take Over Russia As Putin Coup Rumors Fly Wildly! VladimirPutin
We finally find a people more paranoid than Conservative Republicans. Russians putindead putinumer путинумер
Is PutinDead?Missing for a week theories abound,We have some of our own in 10:
Where's Putin? My money on him being in America auditioning to be Fox News first ever shirtless news anchor. putinumer PutinMissing
While staring at yr feed for latest Putin coup rumor listen to new SRB podcast! Crimea annex, WWI &amp; Rus empire
Death came for Pratchett, picked up Putin for balance putindead
So Putin is back. He's been busy. There's been a coup, he's been dead, his girlfriend gave birth, he was riding bears etc.
'While at Kremlin I just had to peek in casket' or ' Putin's last selfie' putindead
So there really were tanks/APCs moving on Moscow. Not because PutinMissing, but for Monday Crimea bash (via )
Welp, Putin is fine, guys. These photos PROVE IT. putindead putinstroke
Something is rotten in the state of Russia. putindead
putindead Check out this.A monk in Ukr predicted on Jan28 that the Russian Empire would start collapsing on Mar.12
I just found that Putin is swimming with the fishes in the Stockholm Archipelago. PutinUmer putindead submarines
": Can't stop checking Twitter for Putin's whereabouts. putindead" &lt;&lt;&lt; Putin would not die. Its not profitable.
This ranks among weirdest blips from on-line PutinDead fever. RT Punk may be dead – but never Putin!
Is Putin dead? In a bunker awaiting war? Sick? Suffering a coup? Weigh in: Putin putindead WhereIsPutin
Proof of the Russian palace coup: Putin forced to live in a doghouse outside the Kremlin
There was no coup in Ukraine, Putin now admits he was the one who urged Yanukovych to flee the country.
Not seeing Putin-bots on Putindead, Путин, ПутинУмер hashtags and in comments. No money or no message? Kremlin confusion?
Russia Moscow Kremlin today Putin Putindead
Putin is here with me in a gay bar in Gran Canaria... leave him alone.. Coming out is difficult for him putindead
Where in the world is Putin putindead
Surprised it took me so long to stumble across this image today... putindead WeekendAtVlads
Nyet he's not sick. He's with Donald Trump on a joint treasure hunt looking for Obama birth certificate... WhereIsPutin putindead
Kremlin just released photo of Putin and current US President Obama. See everything is fine. PutinDead
I wonder when Brian Williams and Bill O'Reilly plan to tell us they took out Putin? putindead
White smoke has been spotted above the Kremlin. It seems a new Putin has been chosen. putin putindead
whyileft Snowden was thinking about leaving and they have pizza. WhereIsPutin Putin FridayThe13th putindead
World: WhereIsPutin putindead Kremlin FreeSavchenko Putin: Aww, they miss me!
Putindead? Charges Against Activist Who Warned of Russia Troops in Ukraine Dropped Putin
Where are you Putin? Are you dead *awkward silence* PutinMissing PutinDead
In Soviet Russia, Supreme leader find you! WhereIsPutin putindead Russia
Stauffenberg meant well, but killing Hitler in July 1944 would have left Germany war, under control of Generals &amp; NSDAP types. PutinDead
Russia | Question is not where Putin is, but who holds the launch codes for Russian nuclear weapons? putinmissing
Putin is not the only thing missing....Look what is missing from the top of the Kremlin today putindead Russia
PutinDead Putin unfortunately not dead, although weasel&amp; woodpecker may have been shot!!
Putin a person with so much power in his hands a cold can cause a national panic putindead
The State Department is concerned about a coup against Vladimir Putin. We will continue to monitor the situation closely.
A Ukrainian website shows a cartoon of Putin lying in a coffin. PutinDead WhereIsPutin
HE'S BAAAACK!!!!!!! Putin reappears on television as rumors of his death &amp; love child spread
Putin will probably be found naked in a 7-Eleven staring at the freezer. Fugue state, that's all. putinmissing BreakingBad
Putin? I know where he is. In the register kept by the Police in Finland. Though our president said he can't be there either... putindead
Russia prepares for a military parade in Moscow marking 1 y anniversary of Crimea occupation. putindead
I think President Putin decided to die in order to divert attention from Nemtsov's death WhereIsPutin ПутинУмер putindead RIP
I'm 92% convinced Kremlin thing is nothing/fake-out for absorption of South Ossetia. Not coup or that Putin's dead. Down from 99% yesterday
To Hell, Yankees slaves, warmongers! putindead
Putindead?Njet!Just got bored with Kremlintowers,so busy moving to Zutphen!Dutch City of many amazing Towers! vvv
Enter 'Putin' into Twitter search. Look at all the clowns suggesting he's dead/a palace coup. Now, never take any of them seriously again
Found him!!! putindead
Mostly only Canadians will get this one. lol Putin PutinMissing PutinDead
Honey, I shrunk our Putin. putinmissing putindead
The Mausoleum for two))) putindead lenindead putin lenin
"Yea, I went out with him about a week ago. Why?" WhereIsPutin Putin putindead
Is Putin dead? 144% of people say no. putindead Russia
What's going on in Russia? Coup, sudden illness or "other"?
We've sussed it. The Kremlin's getting ready for St Patrick's Day putinmissing putindead
Putin in film on Crimea: ‘American friends’ are real masterminds behind Ukraine coup
ПутинУмер &amp; putindead highlight personalized nature of Putin's system. Via
There he is!! Putin putinmissing
PutinMissing and Google won't search for Putin because it knows you don't find Putin, he finds you.
Trying to out-Merkel Merkel again. Someone tell Vlad it won't work. : putindead ringer!
What's next aliens abducted Putin? putindead Russia
putindead I heard it from a good source that Vladimir Putin was riding a weasel on the back of a woodpecker and he fell off and died.
Funny but as soon as Putin will re appear on public most of the current tweets will be quickly deleted putindead
Putin In our era of hybrid warfare, why not a hybrid coup?
Putin has obviously disappeared to binge watch the entire season 3 of House of Cards.. putinmissing putin
" PutinDead" is nothing more than an American wet dream.
BREAKING Russia Moscow today Putin Putindead
Russia Putin emerges, meets judge aftr 9 days; net wild w rumors &amp; jokes. via
After Putin disappeared Russian TV no longer speaks of Hunta, DNR and LNR. What shall be next? putinmissing
Our QOTD: Where do you think Putin has gone? putinmissing
PUTIN FULL OF LEAD ПутинУмер putindead
VIDEO Russia(n) Armored Vehicles,Tanks in Donetsk Ukraine Luhansk Mariupol Putindead
Read this to understand why everyone is freaking out about putindead:
Ex-KGB Yuri Shvets at Litvinenko inquiry- Putin in w drug smuggling ring Putindead Russia
Putinmissing - just found him! SundayFunday VladimirPutin Putin putinnotdead
One elanation for building site on moscow Red Square it prevents helos landing for a coup. Putin has returned to shadows whence he came.
What If there will be the declaration of total war against west. Haven't heard that version yet. putinumer putindead Putin WhereIsPutin
Number 1 question now on Twitter and Facebook were is Putin is putindead putinmissing
World waits to see if Putin turns up russia putin coup
Putin juggling enough instability. He would make a live appearance by now to squash death/coup jitters.
This is why it’s impossible for the Kremlin to lie about Putin’s weird disappearance putindead putinmissing
Ok, we ask ourselves where is Putin. But the question should be: "Where is Russia?" Russian people must be scared, now. putindead
Moscow police investigating Putin's Nemtsov statement for "extremism." Not a coup; just very confused police.
Rumors Over Vladimir Putin, Moscow Leadership Abound via
Putin reappearance is a lie,he's been out of sight for 8 days now Putindead Russia Ukraine
Vlad just tried to slip away to attend Burning Man in peace: v
Where's Putin? Speculation of a coup, death, or Kremlin struggle over Nemtsov is making my morning's work impossible.
Putin in film on Crimea: US masterminds behind Ukraine coup, helped train radicals
30 years of New Yorker's caricatures on Russia. putindead
Looks like Obama outmaneuvered Putin, forcing him to overreach and fall. putinmissing putindead via
Where's Putin? Stroke? Dead? Has there been a coup? This is huge Where's Obama? Oh he's joking on Jimmy Kimmel while his wife dances w/Ellen
If it wasn't so tragic for the people: Russia vs Greece for worst governed country is somewhat entertaining. Grexit putindead
You know strange things are happening in the Kremlin when Russia trolls start worrying Putindead Putin Ukraine
In game of Kremlin you either win or you die... putindead
Today's images of Putin are actually from Oct 2014. putindead WhereIsPutin
Maybe we should ask some kids who are really, really good at spotting the red striped cap. putinmissing
Vladimir Putin reappears on television amidst all wild speculations
Where is Putin? Here is the answer! He has opened a pub on Jaffa street in Jerusalem! putindead Putin putinumer
Putin's Weird Disappearance | | PutinDead Russia WhereIsPutin
Kremlin just released a new photo: "both president Putin and Kim are doing well, somewhere in hell." putindead
Do You Want To Know The Reasons The Soviet Union Banned These Bands in 1985? putindead
Prefer sports talk over politics but I have a gut feeling something crazy is happening behind close doors at the Kremlin Russia putindead
