BREAKING - Museum of Fine Arts Bern to accept Gurlitt art collection.
Gurlitt Bern museum accepts controversial art hoard - SWI swissinfo.ch
Swiss museum will accept Gurlitt art trove
Swiss museum confirms it will take on Gurlitt collection
Bern Fine Arts Museum says yes to controversial gurlitt collection:
Swiss museum decides to accept Gurlitt Nazi-era art trove: A Swiss museum has accepted the bequest of a large ...
Gurlitt's art collection is going to a Bern museum. Here's a look back at how it came to that
Swiss museum accepts art from Gurlitt via
According to psychiatric evaluation Gurlitt not mentally fit to write will bequeathing paintings to museum
Swiss Museum Will Accept Gurlitt Art Trove
"A milestone in coming to terms with our history", German culture minister Monika Grütters on decision to send Gurlitt collection to Bern
Breaking: Swiss art museum accepts artworks bequeathed by late art dealer Gurlitt
Swiss Bern Art Museum to accept Gurlitt 'Nazi art' art museum
The Kunstmuseum Bern accepts the Gurlitt collection. This was decided by the Board of Trustees of the Art Museum . More to follow.
Nearly 3 years of silence, transparency re Gurlitt, Munich Art Trove. The agreement:
Swiss museum close to accepting Gurlitt bequest, returning any Nazi-looted pieces via
And the accord on the Nazi-era art hoard of Cornelius Gurlitt is signed
Gurlitt collection accepted by Bern museum, provided art works were not stolen by Nazis
Breaking news: Kunstmuseum Bern accepts Cornelius Gurlitt estate.
.: Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt art bequest
Nice to see 's scoop confirmed: Swiss Museum accepts Gurlitt collection by &amp;
Kunstmuseum Bern Obtains Trove From Gurlitt Collection
Exclusive: Swiss museum close to accepting Gurlitt bequest, returning any Nazi-looted pieces by via
Gurlitt case: The German Minister of Justice says Switzerland is the " right place " for the disputed collection.
Breaking: Swiss art museum accepts artworks bequeathed by late art dealer Gurlitt
Summary of the Gurlitt agreement between Kunstmuseum Bern, State of Bavaria and German government: via
Swiss museum to accept hundreds of works of art bequeathed by German Nazi-era art hoarder Cornelius Gurlitt
Swiss museum will accept Gurlitt art trove
Swiss museum to accept hundreds of works of art bequeathed by German Nazi-era art hoarder Cornelius Gurlitt
Swiss museum accepts Gurlitt art bequest
Gurlitt Collection Accepted by Kunstmuseum Bern—details from the announcement in Berlin:
Swiss museum decides to accept Gurlitt Nazi-era art trove
The Kunstmuseum Bern has officially accepted the Gurlitt art trove. More on News shortly.
Swiss Museum to Accept Gurlitt 'Nazi Art': The rightful owners will be identified first and great art will unhoarded.A win-win situation.
Bern museum accepts Gurlitt's problematic bequest. Let the litigation begin!
Schäublin agreement in accepting Gurlitt collection : Objects with suspicion of being Nazi-looted art will initially remain in Germany.
Schäublin agreement in accepting Gurlitt collection : Objects with suspicion of being Nazi-looted art will initially remain in Germany.
Bern's Museum of Fine Arts accepts Gurlitt art collection, but only works that were not stolen by Nazis
Swiss museum [] accepts Gurlitt's problematic bequest via
Swiss museum will accept Gurlitt art trove
Swiss Museum Will Accept Gurlitt Art Trove - ABC News Entertainment
Gurlitt collection accepted by Kunstmuseum Bern
Gurlitt's problematic bequest accepted by Swiss museum but works likely to have been looted to remain in Germany, see
Breaking: Swiss museum to accept hundreds of artworks bequeathed by German Nazi-era art hoarder Cornelius Gurlitt.
Breaking: Swiss art museum accepts artworks bequeathed by late art dealer Gurlitt
Swiss museum will accept Gurlitt art trove: A Swiss museum agreed on Monday to accept a priceless collection o...
Family claims CorneliusGurlitt was mentally unfit. Read the news
The Kunstmuseum Bern agrees to takes the controversial Gurlitt art collection.
declares that it will accept the inheritance—Berlin, Munich, and Bern sign an agreement on how to manage Gurlitt’s legacy
[NYTimes: Judaism] Swiss Museum Accepts Bequest of Nazi-Era Art
Swiss museum accepts looted Nazi art historical painful memories 70 years later. NeverForget
Kunstmuseum accepts Gurlitt collection bequest. Pledges to fully investigate artwork restitution claims fully.
Swiss Museum Accepts Art Trove With Nazi-Looted Works via Gurlitt
Breaking news: Kunstmuseum Bern accepts Cornelius Gurlitt estate.
Swiss museum close to accepting Gurlitt bequest, returning any Nazi-looted pieces via
Swiss museum accepts looted Nazi art: Kunstmuseum Bern will try to return any stolen art to rightf... BogardThat
Another terrific story by , chronicler of the Nazi-Gurlitt art saga.
Swiss art museum accepts artworks bequeathed by late art dealer Gurlitt
Swiss museum will receive priceless collection of long-hidden Gurlitt art trove
Swiss Museum Debates Eensive and Unsought Responsibility of Gurlitt Hoard
Swiss museum accepts part of Nazi art trove
Possible Nazi art transfer riles Jewish groups; this is, of course, the transfer of Gurlitt trove to a Swiss museum
On the eve of a major announcement regarding the (amended) fate of the Cornelius Gurlitt collection, a cousin of...
"Litigation seems inevitable in the Gurlitt case"
Nazi-looted art: Why Germany hasn't dealt with it interview gurlitt
Gurlitt press release concludes. Many questions being raised by attendees on state of task force investigation and limbo nazi loot objects.
Gurlitt press release concludes. Many questions being raised by attendees on state of task force investigation and limbo nazi loot objects.
'Degenerate art' belongs in a museum, says judge
CorneliusGurlitt cousin lodges direct claim for MunichArtTrove Read the news
Tainted Gurlitt collection should be sold with profits going to Jewish organizations. WWII via .
Franz Marc: Horses... Update- Gurlitt Nazi-Tainted Art Trove- via
‘The Gurlitt collection should be sold to benefit Jewish organisations’ - The Art Newspaper
Litigation seems inevitable in the Gurlitt case
Alfred Weidinger proposes to sell gurlitt collection - my comment
ArtsBeat: Gurlitt’s Museum Bequest Is Challenged
. goes to Berlin today. Gurlitt
3rd work in Gurlitt collection found to have been loted, 'Klavierespieler' from Carl Spitzweg to be returned to Jewish heirs
ARCAblog | Gurlitt Art Collection: An Interview with Art Recovery's Christopher Marinello on the eve of the Ku...
Gurlitt's Museum Bequest Is Challenged ArtCrimes
‘The Gurlitt collection should be sold to benefit Jewish organisations’ - The Art Newspaper artnews artcrime art
Swiss museum to say today whether it accepts Nazi-era art hoard Gurlitt
The Gurlitt art collection no one - and everyone - wants - SWI swissinfo.ch
Will Bern's Museum of Fine Arts accept the controversial Gurlitt collection? art stolen
Last-minute lawsuit filed by relative of Cornelius Gurlitt over Nazi-era art hoard: A relative of lat... artnews
On eve of Monday's announcement, Gurlitt relatives formally challenge the will that named Kunstmuseum Bern as heir
Swiss museum: No works in Gurlitt collection that are or might be looted will enter the Bern collection. Task force will cont. research
Treasures of an amazing collection of paintings hidden in an apartment in Munich - BMTH
ArtsBeat: Cousin of Cornelius Gurlitt Challenges Will That Leaves Collection to Swiss Museum: A cousin of... art
Kunstmuseum Bern to issue decision Monday on whether to accept artworks collection tied to Nazi-era dealer Gurlitt.
Swiss Museum Deciding on Gurlitt Art Trove: Swiss museum to announce decision on future of collector Gurlitt's...
Regarding the Gurlitt collection Schäublin says their own research centre at the Kunstmuseum Bern must be considered.
Berlin, Munich and Kunstmuseum Bern have signed an agreement on the management of Gurlitt's estate.
Former top judge thinks Nazi-stolen art 'belongs in a museum' indianajones Gurlitt Germany
‘Degenerate’ artworks seized by Nazis should go back to museums, says German advisor Gurlitt
Gurlitt's overlooked heirs want control of his Nazi-era 'degenerate art' estate
Sounds like a good resolution to conundrum of what to do with the Gurlitt Nazi-looted art stash: Bern museum
Swiss museum deciding on Gurlitt art trove
German and Swiss handling of Gurlitt hoard and his bequest is all wrong, says senior Austrian curator, see
Watching Kunstmuseum Bern this week for Gurlitt decision. An article on Gurlitt and Nazi loot from a few months back:
Swiss museum, German officials to announce fate of Gurlitt art collection at 11CET.
The Gurlitt art collection no one - and everyone - wants - SWI swissinfo.ch
Kunstmuseum Bern, Germany to Hold Press Conference in Berlin Monday November 24, 2014 re: Gurlitt bequest
Cousin of Cornelius Gurlitt Challenges Will That Leaves Collection to Swiss Museum fineart
Challenge to Kunstmuseum Bernby cousin of Gurlitt should not affected decision to accept the gift of artworks.
Kunstmuseum Bern Set to Announce Decision on Cornelius Gurlitt Trove of Artworks Donated Earlier This Year
Last-minute lawsuit filed by relative of Cornelius Gurlitt over Nazi-era art hoard Pls RT Seb_Kirby
The plot thickens: Gurlitt's cousin claims Munich art trove as inheritance via
Gurlitt’s Museum Bequest Is Challenged
Last-minute lawsuit filed by relative of Cornelius Gurlitt over Nazi-era art hoard
Cousin of Cornelius Gurlitt Challenges Will That Leaves Collection to Swiss Museum
Where should the Gurlitt collection go? :Many people sounding off on before the upcoming press conference Monday.
[NYT Art &amp; Design] ArtsBeat: Cousin of Cornelius Gurlitt Challenges Will That Leaves Collection to Swiss Museum
Munich District Court has confirmed the application of Cornelius Gurlitt's cousin on a certificate of inheritance. Details on this today.
Germany - Will of Munich recluse who left suspected Nazi-looted art to museum called into question: via
Funny twist in the Gurlitt donation to the Kunstmuseum Bern: The head of the Belvedere Museum in Vienna, which...
Swiss Museum will take part in provenance research of Gurlitt collection with the goal of swiftly clarifying questions re Nazi-looted art
Germany: 3 works in Gurlitt collection itentified as Nazi-loot to be returned to families immediately; Matisse, Max Liebermann, Spitzweg.
Swiss museum to decide future of Gurlitt art trove: BERLIN (AP) — A Swiss museum and German officials plan to ...
Deputy director of Belvedere in Vienna: Gurlitt collection should be sold, money given to Jewish organizations.
Gurlitt Kunstmuseum Bern update: There is no update, since everyone who cares about the possible transfer of the...
Last-minute lawsuit filed by relative of Cornelius Gurlitt over Nazi-era art hoard Pls RT Seb_Kirby
Swiss Museum: Gurlitt collection will be researched according to Washington Principles; looted works will be restituted.
The Gurlitt art collection no one - and everyone - wants - SWI swissinfo.ch
Uta Werner, 1st cousin of the late Cornelius Gurlitt, to formally challenge will that named Kunstmuseum Bern as heir.
German, Swiss handling of Gurlitt hoard and bequest is all wrong, says senior Austrian curator
GMLive: ArtsBeat: Cousin of Cornelius Gurlitt Challenges Will That Leaves Collection to Swiss Museum: A cousin...
Bern to announce Gurlitt bequest decision on Monday in Berlin
DAILYCHECKLIST Gurlitt Decision Looms , French Mus Faces Fraud Charges &amp; More
Chris Marinello commenting on the Gurlitt case on - listen now
Gurlitt soap opera update: last-minute (?) twist to the ever-weird Gurlitt legacy mini-series... The...
‘The Gurlitt collection should be sold to benefit Jewish organisations’ - The Art Newspaper
Live Streaming link for Joint Press Conference on Cornelius Gurlitt estate.
Swiss Museum Deciding on Gurlitt Art Trove
Cornelius Gurlitt's overlooked heirs want control of his Nazi-era 'degenerate art' estate: The fight for Corne...
Swiss museum to decide future of Gurlitt art trove -
Stay tuned. Cornelius Gurlitt's overlooked heirs want control of his Nazi-era 'degenerate art' estate via
Munich District Court has confirmed the application of Cornelius Gurlitt's cousin on a certificate of inheritance. Details on this today.
Bern's Museum of Fine Arts is set to announce its decision regarding the Gurlitt collection on Monday, Nov. 24!
