All weekend ppl will be talking about the "robbery" instead of the shooting bc Ferguson PD didn't release any info about the shooting.
. I demand you retract the lie that people in Ferguson were shouting "kill the police", local reporting has refuted your ugly racism
Officer in shooting death of MIchael Brown was unaware he was a suspect: Ferguson police
Family of Michael Brown slams Ferguson police chief's "devious" attempt to "blame the victim"
If we shot everyone in the street for stealing, imagine the carnage on Wall St. mikebrown ferguson
Sooooooo Chief of Ferguson lied and said that an ambulance was on the scene? OpFerguson
Being shot 10 times in the street for stealing cigars is due process? No arrest. No trial. No conviction―just immediate execution. Ferguson
Maybe hard hitting should be covering what's going on in Ferguson, Mo. instead of fat shaming the First Lady??
A woman in Ferguson was shot in head last night and released this selfie. Conflicting reports of how it happened:
Ferguson cops beat this man – then charged him for getting blood on their uniforms
BREAKING One woman shot in drive-by shooting on 1300 Highmont near the QT. Cannot confirm if the victim survived. ferguson mikebrown
Witness to Ferguson shooting atty confirms Brown took cigars from store. Client told FBI he "did take cigarillos"
And I feel silly for pointing this out but... In America we don't have executions by gunfire for alleged robberies. Ferguson MikeBrown
VIDEO Police release surveillance tape from Ferguson store related to MichaelBrown:
Oh. So NOW the Ferguson police chief says the cop didn't know about the robbery when he stopped MikeBrown. The kid was "jaywalking"? BS!
NEW DEVELOPMENT: Pentagon supplied St. Louis County police with military-grade weapons. Ferguson
The woman injured last night... Ferguson
Police reports released this morning indicate Mike Brown was a suspect in a "strong-armed" robbery in Ferguson
2nd police-involved shooting reported in Ferguson, Mo., overnight
Arrived in Crestwood where officer Darren Wilson lives. When I knocked police officer rolled up and told me Wilson left days ago Ferguson
The day Ferguson cops beat a man and charged him with getting his blood on their uniforms
the police version is also that MikeBrown approached the officer. But if he had JUST robbed a store, why approach police?? Ferguson
Disgusting: MO chapter of Klan raising money as “reward” for the officer killing MikeBrown. Ferguson UniteBlue
Nearly 7k blacks were murdered last yr--almost all by other blacks. A tiny % were unarmed-killed-by-cop. Where's Al, Jesse? tcot ferguson
Shot ten times. Unarmed. What else is there to talk about? StopTheSmear Ferguson
!! Ferguson cops once nabbed wrong man but charged him w/ property damage for bleeding on uniforms-they had beat him
Because, of course, when someone commits a robbery they stroll down the middle of the street where everyone can see them. Ferguson
200 cops in riot gear in ferguson because there is a prayer circle and a concerned compassionate community
Ferguson police once beat a man then charged him with destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms
"I know his initial contact was not related to the robbery," Ferguson chief says. "It was related to blocking the road."
White man aiming down on police...nothing happens. Unarmed black kid walking back from store shot 10 times. Ferguson
the media didn't even know the video existed, but he just said they requested it? DUDE. Ferguson
Q: Why did he stop Michael Brown? "Because he was walking down the middle of the street," Ferguson chief says.
MikeBrown's family calls it "devious" the way the police chief released info meant to "assassinate" their son's character. Ferguson
The surveillance photos, the police report, and this witness account. Ferguson
Michael Brown DID NOT STEAL ANYTHING!!!!! It has just been reported that he didn't steal anything FergusonShooting Ferguson
Lets bomb nurseries w/ White Babies!? FBI: NBP leader inciting violence in Ferguson tcot
today MichaelBrown would've completed his 1st week of college &amp; Ferguson police chief spent most time suggesting he's the criminal
WOW RT : "The initial contact between the officer and Mr. Brown was not related to the robbery," Ferguson police chief says
BREAKING - Ferguson's police chief has announced Darren Wilson as the cop who shot and killed MikeBrown. (not the guy named by Anonymous)
Even if MikeBrown was running down the street with a bag full of boosted goods, he deserved a trial. Not a street execution. Ferguson
I'm NOT believing this story because I know how the police lie and will keep lying and will organize together AND LIE. MIKEBROWN Ferguson
Michael Brown was suspected of robbing store in Ferguson before being shot, say police
now shameful ferguson police say Brown wasn't even a robbery suspect when he was shot. he was just an unarmed kid walking down the street.
This is what Ferguson PD did to HenryDavis in 2009 when they mistook him for a man with an outstanding warrant
Line of police cars with high beams on greets anyone trying to enter Ferguson. It's shut down. No media allowed.
The name of the officer who shot MikeBrown has been named. His name is Darren Wilson, a 6-year veteran of the Ferguson police department.
You'd think it would've been more newsworthy when Missouri got rid of due process and made shoplifting a capital crime Ferguson MikeBrown
2 of the 4 police departments rampaging through Ferguson were trained by Israel in methods of domination and control
Hold on while Chief Jackson sprinkles a little crack on that Mike Brown crime scene ... Ferguson
So a large Negro robbed a store and then the cops saw a large Negro. WHAT WERE THEY SUPPOSED TO DO?!?! Perhaps not execute him. Ferguson
Call out to STL Co police: only can confirm a person shot on Chambers, and is down. No word on alive or dead, or why. Ferguson
Report: Ferguson Cop ID'd As Unarmed Teen's Killer Left The Area Days Ago
The "Robbery" Incident Report released by Ferguson PD today is sketchy at best. What stood out? NAMING MikeBrown. How did they know?
This Ferguson PD chief press conference is AMAZING... he just ADMITTED Darren Wilson stopped him bc of the jaywalking.
What are Ferguson Police hiding about "drive by" shooting of black woman recording last night's action? OpFerguson
Ferguson police hand out info to make Michael Brown seem like a thug. But nothing on how he was actually killed, interaction with officer.
Ferguson cops beat man, charged him w/"property damage" for bleeding on their uniforms. Then they lied in court.
Increasingly seems like Ferguson police dept. spent all week playing dress-up, couldn't even be bothered to get its story straight
BREAKING: Darren Wilson named as officer who fatally shot MichaelBrown in Ferguson
So the angel Michael Brown who is 6'4" 290 is the robber of the convenience store! Ferguson
Exactly. Why release the video if stopping Mike Brown was not related to the robbery? JESUS CHRIST THIS IS BAD. Ferguson
ferguson has had ZERO homicides in the last year. 'Black on black crime is our real problem' folks where y'all at?
MSNBC is literally reporting that Police Chief CLEARLY said it was about jay walking. This is a fucking clown show. Ferguson
Ferguson police once charged a man with property damage because his blood got on their uniforms when they beat him.
Ferguson cops beat innocent man then charged him for bleeding on them: via
Oh, whoops, the robbery had nothing to do with MikeBrown being stopped, but at least now half of America thinks it did. - Ferguson PD
Report: Ferguson cop identified as unarmed teen's killer skipped town days ago
Ferguson police are embarking on what can only be described as an elaborate smear campaign of Michael Brown
Report: Ferguson police beat up wrong suspect then charged him for getting blood on uniforms in 2009
Ferguson PD charged HenryDavis w/ "destruction of property" for bleeding on their uniforms:
Let's be clear, Ferguson PD never said Officer Darren Wilson was responding to robbery call before contact w/ MikeBrown until today.
Everybody was orgasming about a white cop killing an "innocent" black kid. Reality kicked them in the nuts. Ferguson
Someone with better eyes than me please checkthedatestamp on the bottom left photo. Isn't that JUNE? Ferguson
Every time the police talk, their story changes. I hate it. Ferguson
These surveillance images were taken at a convenience store 10 min. Before MichaelBrown was shot Sat. Ferguson
Swat team in Ferguson have state mandated 'murder insurance' to protect them from lawsuits if they kill anyone.
Ferguson Chief confirmed name of officer who shot MichaelBrown is Darren Wilson.
Cops were extra aggressive to incite fear and cause chaos, giving the Ferguson PD time to destroy and/or manufacture any "evidence" needed
Ferguson PD releases robbery incident report smearing MikeBrown but not shooting incident report. Did they think we wouldn’t notice?
shorter ferguson pd: "damn, we thought we could dirty up this guys name, we didn't think you guys would CHECK"
Unarmed teenage black boy MikeBrown was shot ten times by a Ferguson police officer for accusation of shoplifting
Shoot unarmed kid. Conceal evidence. Impose martial law. Harass reporters. Smear the victim. Worst. Police. Ever. Ferguson MikeBrown
despite clear footage of ferguson citizens chanting "killer cops have got to go", media chooses to hear &amp; report "kill the cops" instead.
BREAKING: Ferguson police chief just announced that officer Darren Wilson shot the unarmed teen, Michael Brown.
Another police shooting in protest-plagued Ferguson: (Scott Olson, Getty Images)
I'm so disgusted. Ferguson RT : This has now devolved into the worst police shooting cover-up attempt in US history.
They released that information this morning about the robbery KNOWING MikeBrown wasn't stopped for it? Elain why. ELAIN. WHY. Ferguson
Did anyone think of comparing the clothes that MikeBrown was wearing when he was laying on the street to the security footage? Ferguson
If anyone's looking for a reason to murder me execution-style in the street, I stole a coke from a Walmart when I was 19. Ferguson
Report: Ferguson police beat up wrong suspect then charged him for getting blood on uniforms in 2009
Ferguson Police Chief says MikeBrown was stopped because he was walking in road NOT because he was suspected of stealing cigars.
Reminder: Forget the robbery, forget the minor looting. NOTHING justifies militarized police pointing sniper rifles at journalists Ferguson
Darren Wilson is a six year veteran of the Ferguson Police and had no disciplinary actions against him.
An observation from yrs in practice - if it takes you 5 days to get your story out &amp; it doesn't make sense, it's probably not true Ferguson
Why release the report about the robbery if it's not related to the contact with the cop who shot him? This all stinks. Ferguson
. I demand that you retract the lie that Ferguson people were shouting "Kill the police". Reporters at scene have refuted that.
In what world do you let a cop who killed someone leave town? Ferguson
Anybody else thinks the Ferguson police chief is just making this up as he goes along? This is beyond embarrassing. It's shameful!
Cigarettes on Staten Island. Cigars in Ferguson. Are these seriously enough to take a life?
Remarkably, despite the military-style police presence in Ferguson, a known killer was able to skip town
Ferguson officials to release name of cop who shot Michael Brown on Friday
Ferguson police say Michael Brown was robbery suspect, which totally elains why he got the death penalty without a trial.
Let's be serious, it took 5 days to release the incident report because it took 5 days to create the incident. Ferguson
If Mike Brown was engaged in a robbery before being shot, why isn't his alleged accomplice under arrest? Ferguson
I'm not retweeting the pic of MikeBrown's body, but evidently he lost the hat and changed his shoes and shorts. And lost ~40 lbs. Ferguson
First, MikeBrown was accused of shoplifting. Now, it's a robbery? It's very telling how the Ferguson PD keeps spewing lie after lie.
DARREN WILSON MURDERED AN UNARMED TEEN LEFT HIS BODY IN THE STREET FOR 4 HRS Anything else is irrelevant. MikeBrown Ferguson CoverUp
. KEEPS playing the video while saying it has nothing to do with the murder of MikeBrown this is PSYCHOLOGICAL WARFAE. FERGUSON
So since we now know the officer knew nothing abt a robbery, we must ask why those tapes were released? Ferguson. But we know why.
It took the police 5 days to concoct this tale and this is what they came up with? ninjaplease ferguson
Police chief said officer who shot Brown didn't know about any robbery ferguson
BREAKING: Anonymous has obtained audio files of police dispatch and EMS during the MikeBrown shooting. Will release ASAP. Ferguson
Boom RT Why was Ferguson PD still looking for the suspect 7 hours after Michael Brown had been killed?
Ferguson Police Chief: The initial contact between DarrenWilson and MikeBrown was NOT related to the alleged theft of cigars.
Ferguson police chief says officer Darren Wilson didn't know MikeBrown was a robbery suspect
so ... they clearly released that video only to shame &amp; blame the victim. Ferguson MikeBrown
So Ferguson Police can afford machine guns but they can't afford dash cameras for their squad cars? interesting MikeBrown
Ferguson police: Officer involved in fatal shooting of Michael Brown didn't know he was suspect in alleged robbery.
so if he was with DorianJohnson at the robbery why wasn't he in custody? All media outlets interviewed him before the police Ferguson
Before his death MikeBrown told his mother, "The world will know who MichaelBrown is!" Ferguson
Looks like Ferguson PD spent their whole week on a smear campaign against MikeBrown instead of investigating or being at all helpful.
Developing: Police in Ferguson eected to announce the name of the officer who killed unarmed teen Michael Brown within the hour.
This isn't the first time Ferguson PD lied. Read this article.
The other day I asked a manager at the Ferguson Market if police had requested surveillance video. She said no.
so MikeBrown's hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right? Ferguson
St. Louis Co Police tell me ofcr shot a man who pointed handgun at him at Chambers &amp; Sheffingdell at about 1 a.m. Man in critical. ferguson
So last week NYPD tried to tell us that EricGarner wasn't in a chokehold, now Ferguson police telling us MikeBrown assaulted the officer
Oh, a suspect in a robbery? That changes everything. Everyone knows summary execution is the penalty for suspicion of robbery Ferguson
Chief Jackson: officer was not aware that MikeBrown was a robbery suspect. Ferguson
Ferguson police say Michael Brown fit description of strong-arm robbery suspect
Asked why he released surveillance video of robbery, Chief Jackson responds, "because the press asked for it." MikeBrown Ferguson
Are we supposed to be cool &amp; remain calm when the police after MURDERING a teenager SLANDER him to hide the killing behind racism? Ferguson
New link: Ferguson police release video they say shows a robbery involving MichaelBrown:
Another account of what happened to MikeBrown JusticeForMikeBrown STL FERGUSON
If MikeBrown is indeed the robber, where’s the red ball cap? Sandals? Stolen cigars? ferguson
So in 5mins mike brown shaved his head and changed his scandals to shoes. I think your being lied too Ferguson
Ferguson police say shooting death of Michael Brown came after teen was suspect in robbery:
*IF* the report was written same day as the shooting, as bungling as Ferguson cops have been, we're to believe they had MikeBrown's name?
So lets recap. No dashboard cam of the incident. But definitely photos of Michael Brown in a store. Funny how that happens NMOS14 Ferguson
They wanted u 2 believe that TrayvonMartin was a criminal, EricGarner a criminal, RenishaMcBride a thief, &amp; now MikeBrown Ferguson
Here's the police report. Somehow Ferguson cops valued a box of Swishers at nearly $50. Time to stop smokin I guess
Ferguson Police Chief confirms when officer stopped MikeBrown, he was not aware he was a suspect in a robbery.
Ferguson PD now admits that Darren Wilson didn't know anything about the store robbery when he stopped Mike Brown! This is bad! Ferguson
BOMBSHELL: Ferguson chief says the police officer might not have even known about the robbery when he shot and killed Michael Brown.
Hard to believe this guy assaulted a cop. Ferguson
The police chief is a 5 star general in projection, imagination and deflection...took a week to hatch this theory Ferguson
Police in Ferguson plan to release name of officer who shot unarmed teen Michael Brown:
URGENT: Darren Wilson is the police officer who shot Mike Brown Ferguson
7) MikeBrown was approached for mouthing off to a cop (both Ferguson PD &amp; eyewitness testimonies reflect this). NOT as a robbery suspect
Key point: Officer Wilson was not aware that MikeBrown was a robbery suspect. It will be key in establishing his state of mind. Ferguson
42) Is the Ferguson investigation trying to get all of the facts to find the truth or trying to cover their behinds?
Police in Ferguson once charged a man for bleeding on their uniforms after 4 of them beat him
KKK already raising money for the police officer who shot and killed MikeBrown - Ferguson
The day Ferguson cops told a dirty, bloody lie (via ):
BREAKING: Ferguson police chief names Darren Wilson in killing of unarmed teen
Ferguson PD eected to release the name of officer who killed Mike Brown shortly. Watch here
Assuming MichaelBrown and DorianJohnson were involved in robbery, when can we eect President Obama's apology to the Ferguson PD? tcot
Michael Brown is the 17 yr old boy who was shot 10x &amp; killed by police in Ferguson today. Media reports "police shoot man". blackboysonly
JUST IN: Ferguson police identify officer who shot Michael Brown
The Ferguson police chief just basically confirmed MikeBrown was gunned to death for the crime of walking in the street? Horrific.
That was very "SLICK" of the Police Chief to create a narrative that MikeBrown was a "suspect" in a robbery! Ferguson
Wait wasn't Michael Brown stopped because of a routine patrol? Police can't even keep their stories straight. Ferguson
"The officers were literally putting hands on media personnel, throwing people..." Ferguson
If Dorian Johnson is a suspect in a robbery that justified DarrenWilson killing MikeBrown, why hasn't Dorian been arrested? Ferguson
Mike Brown was staying with his grandmother for the summer, who lived in the community. Ferguson
Ferguson chief said the officer was unaware of any robbery &amp; stopped MikeBrown for jay walking. TheJig
The name of the officer who fatally shot teenager MichaelBrown will be released shortly. Watch CNN: Ferguson
Store owner told Monday that there was a theft, but said it was not MichaelBrown; said it was someone else Ferguson
St. Louis: Unarmed teenager MikeBrown was shot ten times by a Ferguson police officer for accusation of shoplifting
RT .: This is simple: IF MikeBrown was a robbery suspect, why didn’t Ferguson police say that on DAY ONE? Why wait six days?
Ferguson Police apparently has a history of fabrication.
How many white celebrities have been CAUGHT shoplifting and end up dead in streets? I'll wait. Ferguson
You release the robbery report and not the shooting report? Do you think we don't see you? Ferguson PD?
So, to sum up: 1) Darren Wilson KNEW NOTHING of the robbery, 2) shot MikeBrown over jaywalking, and 3) was allowed to escape Ferguson.
UPDATE - Shooter DarrenWilson didn't know MikeBrown was a robbery suspect: Ferguson
Witness: Police allegedly stopped Mike Brown after yelling at him to walk on sidewalk. Ferguson
Took a week, but we finally at the moment where Mike Brown Is officially a suspect in his own murder. Ferguson
In case YouTube vid disappears, here's childhood friend on tonight's Ferguson "drive by" Bullshit OpFerguson
MORE: Ferguson police chief identifies Darren Wilson as cop who shot Michael Brown
People got even angrier after the admission that the Ferguson store theft had nothing to do with why Brown was stopped by Wilson.
There was only one TV reporter at Ferguson protests last night. Most left earlier fearing violence. Yet only violence was cop's bullets!
Ferguson police chief now says that the robbery DOES NOT relate to the initial contact between Darren Wilson and Michael Brown
ferguson police engaged in character assassination to cover up actual assassination. you. simply. don't. shoot. unarmed. teenagers. EVER.
I personally don't trust St. Louis County PD, and I think they waited all this time to forge and falsify evidence. Ferguson MikeBrown
Wow! What was the point of bring out the robbery footage today if it had nothing to do with Michael Brown being stopped? Ferguson
So in Ferguson, robbing a convenience carries the death penalty. Got it.
Alleged theft of cigars is not a reason to shoot dead an unarmed teenager. MichaelBrown Ferguson
In 2009, Ferguson police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them:
Prayers out to mya, HU graduate who was shot while protesting in St. Louis! MikeBrown Ferguson
17 year old unarmed kid shot ten times by police for stealing candy. I didn't know that was punishable by death. (read the ferguson tag)
2nd Video footage proving Ferguson PD Chief lied on RT : After moments of MikeBrown death.
It appears that Ferguson PD are trying to assassinate Mike Brown's character after literally assassinating Mike Brown.
Ferguson police chief just confirmed that officer's interaction with Michael Brown NOT related to the robbery.
WOKE. Ferguson mikebrown RT : 10 mins RT : 6'4 290. In sandals. RT : Hmm
Chief seems to make it very clear that shooter did NOT write an incident report. 5th Amendment. Ferguson
to be clear: an unarmed teenager POSSIBLY stealing a box of cigars does not warrant being shot to death by the police. Ferguson
Do you understand what I'm saying? How had they already determined MikeBrown was the suspect when the Ferguson report was written?
Why was Ferguson PD still looking for the suspect 7 hours after Michael Brown had been killed?
Americans are 8 times more likely to be killed by a police officer than by a terrorist. Ferguson
Ferguson cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms
JUST IN: Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson tells they will release the name of the police officer today
ThatAwkwardMoment when the Ferguson police chief admits that MikeBrown was stopped for walking in the road. p2
Look at his arrive time on the report. This man was still in the store. Exlplain this. Ferguson FergusonShooting
Let's not forget that even if Mike Brown did shoplift, that's not why police said he was stopped or why he was shot. mikebrown ferguson
Police in Ferguson once charged a man w/ destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms after they beat him
The press conf makes Ferguson PD look like they've gone from stonewalling to counter punching. We give up a name, we drag his thru the mud.
Breaking: The officer involved in the shooting of Michael Brown is named Darren Wilson, Ferguson police chief says.
"Police in Ferguson, once charged a man with destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms while four of them allegedly beat him."
So basically Ferguson PD hijacked what was supposed to be a press conference about Darren Wilson to call Michael Brown a criminal NMOS14
Police have named the cop who shot Michael Brown. 's latest report from Ferguson:
Ferguson Police: Video Shows Michael Brown Strong-Arming Store Clerk
American Justice?! MikeBrown FergusonShooting Ferguson PoliceBrutality JusticeForMikeBrown
Lawyers for police in bad shootings often advise shooters not to write reports or even speak to commanders or investigators. Ferguson
Police in St. Louis County say an officer shot and critically wounded a suspect early this morning near Ferguson
It's not MikeBrown in those Ferguson police video stills. Not unless he changed his shoes after the robbery but before he met the officer.
basically Ferguson PD did an opposition research dump on mike brown, and not their jobs
At 8:00 police will release the name of the officer who shot Michael Brown. Ferguson
I refuse to call the Ferguson police chief incompetent when it is so clear the release of that video was calculated and brazen. MikeBrown
" Ferguson PD charged a man with destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms while 4 officers beat him."
Possible "robbery" took place and BAM! Like magic it's as if another UNARMED black youth being murdered has been forgotten smh Ferguson
What's so frustrating is that now we are talking about a robbery and not the killing of an unarmed kid. ferguson
": "You can't jump over a murder &amp; talk to me about some cigars…" Ferguson" KeepingItRealRadio
Why would the officer tell MikeBrown to get out of the street if he was a suspect? Ferguson
WATCH: Surveillance Video of Strong-Arm Robbery Linked to Michael Brown Ferguson
So police narrative in Ferguson is unarmed teen suspected in unarmed robbery was shot to death. We've still got a problem, Chief.
BreakingNews ferguson chief says the name of the officer that shot MichaelBrown will be released this morning
Hobby Lobby asks Ferguson PD for clarification: "We thought chopping off someone's hand was the maximum penalty for shoplifting"
Since FBI is investigating the shooting, isn't Darren Wilson a fugitive &amp; the cops who let him leave accessories after the fact? Ferguson
Cop who shot Brown did not know he was a robbery suspect, Ferguson police chief says
Every 28 hours a black male is killed in the United States by police or vigilantes. Ferguson
Photos of alleged robbery involving Michael Brown in Ferguson (via police)
BREAKING NEWS: According to documents released to the press, MikeBrown was connected to an earlier robbery Ferguson
In 2009 Ferguson PD beat a black man, then charged him for getting blood on their uniforms
Supposedly there might be one or two witnesses who have the shooting or part of the shooting recorded on their phones. Ferguson
Question for Ferguson police chief? If OFFICER DARREN WILSON was in pursuit of a robbery suspect, why tell kids to get out of the road? LIE
The surveillance tape the police have on TV DOESNT even look like anything near Canfield Green apts. MIKEBROWN Ferguson
ICYMI: The info given today seems to line up with this witness account, even the alleged theft: Ferguson MikeBrown
MikeBrown wanted to walk down the street. And he is dead. And the Ferguson PD is using his silence in death to make him a criminal.
Ferguson PD releases robbery incident report smearing MikeBrown but not shooting incident report. Did they think we wouldn’t notice?
BREAKING: Lawyer says that Brown's friend confirms that he did take the cigarillos (via. MSNBC) Ferguson
Ferguson is completely shut down. No journalists allowed.
The selective release of information by Ferguson PD tells us nothing about the shooting. Instead appears to be a basic smear job.
BREAKING: Ferguson police have identified Darren Wilson as the cop who shot and killed Michael Brown. More details to come...
Ferguson police chief says he released the robbery video because he was getting FOIA requests for it. How did anyone know to request it?
They desecrated mikebrown's body then they desecrated his memory and plight for justice. ELAIN THIS. Ferguson DONTSHOOT
The ferguson chief says that his feelings are hurt that ppl consider him a part of the problem. ferguson
Report: Ferguson police beat up wrong suspect then charged him for getting blood on uniforms in 2009
Police have thrown something at the crowd. Not sure what tho. Protester says "they have enough bullets for everybody down here Ferguson
Ferguson, Missouri, Police to Release Name of Officer in Fatal Shooting Ferguson FergusonShooting FergusonRiot
BREAKING NEWS: NAME OF OFFICER WHO SHOT MIKEBROWN - OFFICER DAREN WILSON - Ferguson
Bottom line: cops are supposed to use deadly force only when lives are at risk. You don't shoot robbery suspects. Ferguson
.....for a cover-up to be successful....you must first discredit the victim..... Ferguson
Name of Ferguson cop is eected to be released by 9 ET, police chief says: (J.B. Forbes, AP)
Educated guess: possible reason they didn't release shooter's incident report--he didn't write one on advice of his lawyer. Ferguson
Is the Police Chief in Ferguson changing the story?
I'd be more inclined to take the Ferguson PD account seriously if they hadn't been so careful to confiscate all video evidence beforehand.
The info given today seems to line up with this witness account, even the alleged theft: Ferguson MikeBrown
The officer who shot MikeBrown did NOT know he was a suspect in a robbery, according to Ferguson police chief. They were not related.
The Ferguson police chief confirmed the stop of MikeBrown had absolutely nothing to do with the alleged convenience store robbery.
REMINDER: MikeBrown was a kid who just wanted to walk down a street. And for that, HE IS DEAD. Those are the facts. Ferguson
Teenager MikeBrown won't start college on Monday because he was shot ten times by a Ferguson police officer.
The day Ferguson cops beat a man and charged him with getting his blood on their uniforms …
Every incident report I've seen says "the suspect was X," "the suspect did Y." On the Ferguson report, MikeBrown is ALREADY NAMED. HOW??
Ferguson chief let most of day go by b4 disclosing (after repeated Qs) that cop who killed MikeBrown knew nothing about robbery. DANGER
Q: "why did he stop Michael Brown?" Ferguson Police Chief: "because they were walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic"
RT : Over 50 people have been arrested in Ferguson. None of them is the cop who shot that boy 10 times in cold blood.
Police name the officer who shot Ferguson teenager MichaelBrown. Watch:
Ferguson PD beat, &amp; charged innocent man with "Property Damage" for bleeding on officer's clothes
Just did a google map search. There are 2 Quick Trips in Ferguson and they are on opposite ends of the town. Did MikeBrown teleport?
Currently the FoxNews website has zero, repeat, ZERO coverage of the Ferguson protests, probably due to lack of cowboy hats.
Chief Jackson: officer Darren Wilson stopped MikeBrown initially because he was in the street and blocking traffic. Ferguson
Ferguson PD made MikeBrown the suspect in that "robbery" police report. ON WHAT BASIS DID THEY NAME HIM? Unless it was written after....
If you can justify shooting an unarmed teenager by saying "he might have been committing a misdemeanor" you are a fucking asshole. Ferguson
It was a St. Louis County police officer who shot this man, according to PIO Brian Schellman. ferguson
From jaywalking to strong-arm robbery. Mhm... Ferguson
If there is surveillance of a robbery why release stills and not the video itself? Ferguson
This is simple: IF MikeBrown was a robbery suspect, why didn’t Ferguson police say that on DAY ONE? Why wait six days?
Chief Jackson: initial contact between officer and MikeBrown was not related to robbery. Ferguson
COUNTDOWN: One hour until Ferguson police release the name of the officer that shot MichaelBrown.
FACT. We know more about how MikeBrown allegedly stole cheap cigars than how and why a Ferguson police officer shot and killed him.
Not just Mike Brown… Second police shooting in Ferguson leaves man in critical condition
Violence, brutality, suppression of free speech. Attacks on journalists. Yeah. Let's believe everything the Police say. Ferguson
Update: Ferguson police release stills from convenience store footage showing robbery
Ferguson "He fit the description" means "I can't tell black people apart" means "I never look at their faces or their humanity."
VIDEO: NY's Times Square shut down as 1,000 Ferguson protestors chant "Hands up, don't shoot"
Classes started at 8am, but by 7am MichaelBrown would be there waiting, eager Ferguson
Heading to ferguson after rally, michaelbrown's mother didn't speak, but thanked supporters
New statement from Ferguson police on shooting of MichaelBrown ht
I can't stomach another justicefor campaign. Real justice isn't a conviction. It's black ppl not being used for target practice. Ferguson
Feds asking anyone with info on MikeBrown shooting in Ferguson to call St. Louis FBI at 314-589-2500.
JUST IN: St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch will hold a news conference on the MikeBrown case at 4:30. Ferguson
When you are black &amp; the victim of a crime, people will dig up something you did in kindergarten to justify what happened to you. Ferguson
The revolution may not be televised, but it's being broadcast LIVE on social media...And we're watching. Ferguson MikeBrown
The Constitution of the United States does NOT state that citizens can only peacefully assemble in the daytime. FirstAmendment Ferguson
If you ever doubt the power of your voice, just look at what they try to do to silence you. PoliceState Ferguson
That iconic Ferguson photo reminds me of somewhere. The West Bank.
A white man in Dallas set a fire, lured firefighters to the scene, shot 15 rounds at them last night...still alive. Ferguson
Today's events in one video: ferguson justiceformikebrown
Your friendly local police department. Protect and Serve. Ferguson
Ferguson Police Chief said only one word during entire press conference. Question: Is officer is still being paid? Answer: Yes.
They broke out the terrorist response gear for citizens in Ferguson protesting cold blooded police murder. Are we still in America??
All police officers in America should immediately be equipped with body cameras Ferguson PoliceState
One photo was taken in a failed state whose people live under martial law. The other is from Iraq. Ferguson
Where Was Sharpton, Liberals, Obama?! Almost Exactly One Year Ago in Ferguson Missouri tcot
The mother of the boy killed in Ferguson speaking to media about the loss of her son.
Ferguson fury flows nationwide: Thousands rally in more than 80 US cities
Happening now: Denver, Colorado. NMOS14 Ferguson
Never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks... wearetargets Ferguson
Police begged media for discretion about location of q&amp;a. Are set up about half a mile from QuikTrip/protest site Ferguson
USA doesn't comply with law that requires reporting on police use of deadly force Ferguson
This is the police presence at a peaceful protest - in the USA. Ferguson right NOW!! WTF!!!
Jesse Jackson leading a small group in prayer at the scene of MichaelBrown's death. Ferguson
Tears streaming down my face as I watch little kids stepping and chanting "justice for MikeBrown" with rifles trained on them. Ferguson
Police are demanding protesters disperse. "this is not up for discussion. Return to your vehicles. Return to your homes." Ferguson
White "anti-looting" high-horse riders listen up! Read &amp; follow Ferguson
No matter what we do, it won't be as bad as killing a kid and leaving him to die on the street, covered with his own blood. Ferguson
At my request, US Comm'n on Civil Rights approves letter to DoJ requesting inquiry into racial composition of Ferguson PD and City Council
calling the neighbors a mob = dehumanizing a community to justify all future wrongdoing. mikebrown ferguson
State Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal: "On Sunday, I literally had young people willing to die to get justice." Ferguson
This guy shot 11 people, including a Congresswoman and a judge. He was apprehended alive. Ferguson MikeBrown
Whenever you want to justify shooting an unarmed person you always say they reached for your gun. George Zimmerman taught us that Ferguson
Someone remind me what year it is again. Cops shoot unarmed young man then bring the dogs out to "handle" the crowd. Ferguson MikeBrown
Going to a protest? Know your rights. ferguson JusticeForMikeBrown
To hear the exact dispatch call the moments of MikeBrown's murder: Ferguson
The police* are the occupying army in the black colony. - Huey Newton Ferguson police MichaelBrown
Cops warn the crowd. The photog's gas mask comes out. Someone is chanting "Gaza Strip." Ferguson
While the initial looting in Ferguson was deplorable, it's clear the town is now the victim of a huge militarized police state exercise.
It's nice to see officers with name tags on from Missouri State Highway Patrol. Ferguson cops still not wearing them.
"He threw his hands up and they shot him. The boy fell and they shot him some more." ferguson mikebrown
A cleanup for Ferguson has been organized. TOMORROW. Meet at 10 am Wednesday August 13, 333 N Florissant Rd, Ferguson, MO 63135 MikeBrown
Ferguson crowd gone, crowd showed restraint, chanted &amp; yelled at police then left, scene now empty, only media here
. is not handling the shooting investigation in Ferguson. We encourage anyone with information to contact .
Something being talked about tonight is the makeup of the Ferguson Police Dept. Here's a breakdown: MichaelBrown
More than 100 volunteers out cleaning up MikeBrown Ferguson
Police are leaving now. ferguson
This Cartoon Says It All: via via Chattanooga Times Free Press Ferguson UniteBlue libcrib KY
MORE VIDEO SURFACING - Early after-moments of MikeBrown's death. Ferguson
Remember the chief of Ferguson police said that they covered the body and sealed the crime scene right away. Lying again.
Ferguson: Statement from lawyers for Michael Brown's parents
Thousands shut down Times Square last night in support of Ferguson US where police shot unarmed teen MikeBrown
I'll be on with in about 10 mins discussing Ferguson JusticeForMikeBrown and PeaceInFerguson. Tune in.
O holds a press conf over a Ferguson thug being killed while the honorable Gen.Harold Greene goes unmentioned. tcot
Do u know how powerful it is 4 blk ppl to be able to tell their OWN stories in the face of oppression?! That's what's happening in Ferguson
Police have brought out the large gear in Ferguson.
New cops wear blue not camo, mingle and talk to protesters with respect -- and suddenly there's calm Ferguson
Moments ago, in Ferguson RT : State senator Maria Chapelle Nadal taken into police custody
RT : OFFICER DARREN WILSON STANDING OVER MIKE BROWN'S BODY AFTER SHOOTING HIM 9 TIMES Ferguson
Protest ending for the night. ferguson
Statement from St. Louis County Police Officers Assoc., saying put officers lives in danger. Ferguson
Rev Jesse Jackson leading procession to shooting site. Ferguson MichaelBrown
The oppressed stands with the oppressed. Palestine stands with Ferguson.
Anonymous hacking group threatens Ferguson police in wake of Shooting " via
The U.S. Record on Racial Discrimination is on the Whole World's Agenda ferguson JusticeForMikeBrown
On a street in Ferguson: Big wooden pellets &amp; aftermath, weapons used against peaceful protesters
Love. ferguson
When a policeman asks 'why are you filming?' ... tcot uniteblue teaparty gop ferguson
Anti-Gunners Donated $500k+ 2 Defeat Pro-Gun Sheriff, He Won Anyway! tcot 2A Ferguson NRA
I look at this and I'm proud. The protesters tonight in Ferguson were NONVIOLENT. MikeBrown
Volunteers out cleaning up community MikeBrown Ferguson FergusonRiot
“Information might have dispersed more crowds than armored vehicles did.” on questions raised in Ferguson:
Right now the United States has a stronger militarized force in Ferguson, Missouri than it does in Baghdad.
we want justice ... RipMikeBrown Ferguson "
Powerful, disturbing advice from the humans in Gaza to the humans in Ferguson on how to deal with military/police.
We just filed a new suit to obtain public records from the Ferguson police dept MikeBrown
Protesters in Palestine and Ferguson shot with the same teargas canisters. wow. FreePalestine JusticeForMikeBrown
My friend Torey just said ALL his local news channels have been blacked out too. OMG Ferguson this is why there is a "No Fly Zone" order!!
Muslims butchering Muslims=no biggie 'til an Israeli kills 1. U.S. blacks killing other blacks=non event 'til a cop kills 1 ferguson tcot
Downtown Kandahar, Afghanistan, I think. Or Ferguson, Mo. Someone help with location.
Community organizations on-site in Ferguson
Stephen Hawking's boycott hits Israel where it hurts; rejection comes from a famous scientist now Ferguson Gaza
Trayvon Martin, Jordan Davis, Jonathan Ferrell... and now MikeBrown. Who is next? Ferguson
Captain Johnson: "This is our opportunity to show that you can trust (police)." Ferguson
This is all so disturbing DONTSHOOT Ferguson MikeBrown something needs to be done but it aint riots. Peaceful acts. We have to value life
"Don't shoot!" Ferguson MichaelBrown
The protestors have started marching into a neighborhood. Police still standing here. Ferguson MichaelBrown
This is what the front line looks and sounds like. Ferguson
Ferguson chief says officer Darren Wilson devastated. Mike Brown unavailable for comment about his feelings because dead.
Follow NOW if you want to follow the story about MikeBrown, the unarmed teenager who was killed by the Ferguson police.
So Americans think excessive police presence in Ferguson was too much How do you stop hooligans from looting? Ice Cream Truck and songs?
We have a lot of work to do. From : "White St. Louis Has Some Awful Things to Say About Ferguson"
Here’s to hoping what’s happening in STL right now doesn’t get worse. Ferguson hashtag not looking good right now.
A reminder: A SWAT team the size of TX showed up to the top location, but not the bottom one. Ferguson BundyRanch
Full *Redacted* police report on MikeBrown and Ferguson
Free Coffee to all journalists spreading awareness on MikeBrown Ferguson movement DONTSHOOT
Hello fellow white people. Lets try to show as much outrage for Ferguson as we did for Facebook messenger.
In debate over Ferguson, REMEMBER: defense industry campaign cash flowed to lawmakers who backed militarizing police
Looking at Ferguson and feeling anger, then helplessness, then more anger. They're not even pretending to acknowledge our humanity.
Right now in downtown Clayton in front of the Buzz Westfall Justice Center. ferguson
Ferguson picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters
No matter what COLOR you are...the murder by cop in Ferguson is WRONG. Let's stand together, do NOT let them divide us.
Second lawsuit filed yesterday by to protect right2photograph &amp; video police public activity in Ferguson
You guess photo of war? Yes, you are right. This is a war between oppressor &amp; oppressed. Ferguson MikeBrown
Image of Ferguson protester throwing tear gas back at police, wearing the American flag, is amazing.
This. RT : State Senator asks the Ferguson police chief if she's going to be gassed again.
A young woman right before she was arrested because she wouldn't move... Ferguson
Tell Congress to demilitarize local police departments! &gt; &gt; &gt; Ferguson
Photo taken by "thanks for the advice Palestine" - Ferguson STL MikeBrown
The police do not consist of a few bad apples, the institution itself is rotten to the core. Ferguson
"Race relations are a top priority right now," says Ferguson police chief.
Again, please don't go to *unless* you want your IP logged. (big props to ) Ferguson
Join us in O'Fallon Park at 6PM for a free concert event in celebration of MikeBrown's life. Ferguson's own performing.
Police started arresting ppl, ordering everyone to disperse. I saw no violence from protesters. Ferguson
Are these cops or soldiers? Eerts say Ferguson police tactics have made tensions worse
Tell to rigorously investigate &amp; prosecute all Ferguson police involved in execution of MikeBrown
People DEBATING whether MikeBrown shoplifted or not-- IT DOESN'T MATTER. Shoplifting isn't punishable by DEATH IN THE STREET. Ferguson
Protest in Ferguson. The police dogs are visible again.
Police look on as protestors rally in Ferguson
There's a town that's a no-fly-zone with a media blackout right in the middle of our country. Let that sink in. Ferguson
This image is unreal. Cops in Ferguson dressed &amp; armed for war, confronting a lone protestor
Those people in Ferguson must think they have some kind of constitutional right to protest or something.
Chambers and W. Florissant right now. Ferguson
Mound City Bar Association has agreed to donate their time PRO BONO, for ANY WITNESSES that would like to come forward. Ferguson MikeBrown
This person live-tweeted the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson:
"The 18 year old victim had no weapon and his hands in the air and was still shot multiple times." Ferguson
BREAKING NEWS: RACISM IS OVER. RT Important new image in Ferguson via .
No-fly zones, military police, teargas, censorship, machine guns. In response to the murder of an innocent kid. We're fucked. Ferguson.
Things getting tense at protest in Ferguson right now:
The name of the Ferguson police officer who killed MikeBrown is Darren Wilson. He has been on the police force for 6 years.
What do ISIS, Ferguson, Benghazi and Mali have in common? All were triggered by the over-supply of US arms.
You're either furious about this or protecting your entitlement. I believe it to be this simple: Ferguson Trayvon
This would help tremendously. mikebrown Ferguson
The TeaParty was unable to stand up to Goverment tyranny in Ferguson due to being too busy tweeting about President Obama's golf game.
Slain teen had notched a hard-fought victory: A diploma Ferguson MichaelBrown
WeAreTargets: People marching to the Ferguson Police Dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy "
Ferguson police chief speaks with protesters early Friday am. ferguson
White man with gun *goes* to Target. Black kid without gun *is* the target. Ferguson
Scene right now just blocks from where mikebrown was shot. ferguson
PHOTOS: New Yorkers write their thoughts in peaceful protest: (Victor Mirontschuk) Ferguson
Powerful video of protestors w/hands up mocking Ferguson police. Video via MikeBrown
Please note Twitter had the Ferguson story BEFORE ALL national news outlets. But keep telling me how Twitter doesn't matter.
NO VIOLENCE! JUST JUSTICE! ferguson
After 10+ minutes, Chief Jackson abruptly ends press conference while questions still being yelled at him. MikeBrown Ferguson
Don't live in Ferguson? Call the Police station leave Chief Tom Jackson a message 314-522-3100 ext 5588 or tweet MikeBrown
Ferguson police chief "we want the truth like everybody else does." OK, then start with full transparency. Who shot MikeBrown?
The crowd has forced the police car to reverse. ferguson
She gets it. Why can't everyone else? Ferguson Equality MikeBrown
Let me be very clear: The Ferguson police and America are playing with fire if there is an attempt to justify the murder of MikeBrown
The live stream from Ferguson is back up and running. Watch here while you can:
A few feet from where MichaelBrown was killed: Ferguson
GOD BLESS YOU Ferguson RT : Howard family pray for our own .
Many police officers today operate from fear and prejudice. That's dangerous when you have the power to take a life. Ferguson
Ferguson Police’s PR Stunt Poisons Independent and Impartial Investigation
Interview with mother of victim. The police wouldn't let her ID her own son Ferguson
Ferguson Police’s PR Stunt Poisons Indie &amp; Impartial Investigation JusticeForMikeBrown
happening now in ferguson
Hip hop stepping up. Listen to Be Free dedicated to MikeBrown Ferguson
That's horrible! RT : State Senator asks the Ferguson police chief if she's going to be gassed again.
Police in Ferguson haven't been wearing identification:
Somehow, whenever there’s a police brutality case, the victim is reaching for someone’s gun. It’s weird, right? Ferguson
Press has been corralled in with peaceful demonstrators in ferguson
"Your right to assembly is not being denied." Ferguson
Crowd of about 250 ignoring order to disperse from W Florissant. ferguson
Again, we are seeing why we need a federal government. Ferguson
How can trust the profiling skills of the chief on a boy he never met but couldn't pick up the psychopath he worked with ferguson
Police have moved tank and repositioned to face protesters on sidewalk across the street. ferguson
The whistleblower said it wasn't his intention to take the StLouis PD down but he HAD to say something. He filed a lawsuit. Ferguson
This is the sassiest protest sign I have ever seen. I love our black queens! Ferguson MikeBrown
These pictures coming out of Ferguson with what looks like military equipment on American streets should sober everyone up...
WAKE UP!!! Ferguson
How can you not be moved by the people of Ferguson
Iconic: USA shirt, bag of chips in one hand, other throws back tear gas cannister at police by Ferguson
Just as the Founding Fathers intended. RT : Current situation in ferguson
Michael Brown, unarmed black teen killed by police in Ferguson was set to start college on Monday. :
Y’all notice Ferguson &amp; St Louis county have NOT released the autopsy report. Trajectory of bullets matters in death of MikeBrown
It Turns Out Policing Is Better Than Occupying via Ferguson Leadership
Police in Ferguson, Missouri, shot and killed a 17-year-old boy. FergusonShooting
Michael Jackson: "It doesn't matter if you're black or white." Reality: Ferguson MikeBrown The War isn't on whites
NOTICE: 0 evidence of "kill the police" chant in Ferguson but all news outlets report it, yet pics of lifeless victim? "Alleged shooting."
Protestors outside Ferguson police dept now
Breaking: Anonymous posts St. Louis police tapes from day of Ferguson shooting.
Everyone was out to support. MikeBrown Ferguson UnionSquare nyc4stl
Full statement from Feds on civil rights investigation in death of MichaelBrown Ferguson
"Don't shoot! Don't shoot!" ferguson
Destruction of property and destruction of life are false equivalents. MikeBrown Ferguson
BREAKING: A man just advanced on police. A red laser immediately was painted on his shirt. He threw his hands up. Ferguson MichaelBrown
I've said it before and I'm saying it again... Who are they really afraid of again?? Ferguson MikeBrown
PHOTOS:: Ferguson, Missouri, looks like a war zone
Ferguson RT : "This is not open for discussion." -- cop on loudspeaker, telling crowd to leave the area
Protestors have blocked West Florissant, a major street in St. Louis County. Ferguson
This is what they aren't showing you on the media. These young men cleaning up after the riot. Ferguson
Not a cop in sight at the MichaelBrown rally and all is peaceful. ferguson
An unarmed 17 year old kid shot 10 times &amp; once in the HEAD?!?! Not sure how you can "spin that". Ferguson
Lots of angry mothers here in Ferguson this morning.
Ferguson chief tells me he "didn't know" media was at . Newser now 25 minutes late MikeBrown
Stay safe, Ferguson. RT : I counted 70+ SWAT officers. Guns trained on crowds. Insanity.
JusticeForMikeBrown: Powerful photos from the Ferguson police protests
So, is telling the story about how the StLouis Police were harassing the whistleblower who detailed racism in the PD. Ferguson
Highway patrol helps restore calm in Ferguson
Ferguson police refuse to say who killed Michael Brown, but release looting suspects' names, ages, &amp; home addresses:
PCKeeper Kiev office would like to eress our Solidarity with Ferguson . We know PoliceBrutality euromaidan
what the FUCK are you looking at through a MOUNTED GUN SCOPE. they're PROTESTORS, not insurgents. Ferguson
im so, so glad there's such extensive social media coverage of what's going on in ferguson. i fear we'd know nothing otherwise.
Ferguson police ID officer who shot and killed MikeBrown as Darren Wilson.
This is incredible. A witness to the Michael Brown shooting live tweeted the entire event. Ferguson
White-privilege apologist internet trolls saying, "Wait for details before you jump to conclusions." You need more details? Ferguson
St. Louis Co police confirm female shot in head in 1300 bl Highmont, near QT. Appears to be drive-by shooting. ferguson
Rest in Peace, Michael Brown. 17 forever. Ferguson
48 media organizations sign protest letter objecting to the treatment of reporters in Ferguson butnotpolitico
Cops have changed since I was a kid Ferguson photo
MichaelBrown death in Ferguson just one of many cases of police killing unarmed black people. What the data shows:
What Ferguson Chief of Police Thomas Jackson did was outrageous!
State Senator asks the Ferguson police chief if she's going to be gassed again.
More peaceful protesting today in Ferguson. MichaelBrown
The world now knows his name, tonight get to know Mike Brown the person at 9 ferguson
A message for Ferguson, from Palestine Gaza
Local prosecutor deciding whether to charge killer cop thinks Ferguson cops were doing a great job this week. DANGER
Ferguson is locked down hard. We're parking and going in on foot.
RT .: The STL SWAT team has weapons drawn in Ferguson at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
Capt. Ron Johnson leads Ferguson protestors through a peaceful night RonJohnson leader
Wake up. Whenever a black man is killed by police, they try to make him a Saint/Martyr. 99% of the time he's a POS Thug. Ferguson
Justice must be served! Ferguson MikeBrown
Ferguson, Mo., is 67% black, but black citizens account for 86% of police stops, 92% of searches and 93% of arrests MikeBrown Ferguson
Let's get these cameras on cops everywhere Ferguson
If Ferguson protesters were white, they'd be walking away with several hundred cattle and an apology. p2
URGENT: The only 2 livestreams just went down, police is using jammers in Ferguson. This is far beyond a police state.
BREAKING: Instead of dispersing, protesters got on their knees with their hands up. Ferguson
A witness describes the use of tear gas tonight. Ferguson
And let's be honest: if an unarmed white male was gunned down by police, the NRA and Tea Party would be marching on Washington. Ferguson
"keep the faith" Cpt. Johnson Ferguson
People who claim to be against big, intrusive government and for the Constitution are cheerleading for the cops in Ferguson now. Telling.
The oppressed stands with the oppressed. Palestine stands with Ferguson.
The shooting in Ferguson highlights why the federal government should be underwriting body cams for all cops rather than military gear.
This is Rashaen Aldrige, 20. "We're here to support the family, to let them know we have their back." Ferguson
Wait, why aren't the cops pointing assault rifles at these protestors? ferguson
I'm so very proud of you America. Every young, senior, veteran, sane non-violent person for justice NMOS14 Ferguson
Thank you PBO. Ferguson MikeBrown
One pattern of the last few days: After police move the media out of the area, they become more heavy-handed and violent. Ferguson
These 3 words say it all. ferguson MikeBrown
People of Ferguson: Stop attacking our brave heroes! --
Children here in Ferguson
A Great Grandmother in Ferguson came out &amp; stood with the young for MikeBrown. This is our city.
The Ferguson police chief has endangered PeaceInFerguson and someone should take his microphone away. Let the big boys handle this now.
The streets of Ferguson look a little different tonight. | AP Photo
Exactly how often do police shoot unarmed black men? Ferguson
Mother/Daughter team in Ferguson. Daughter just took bar. Will be civil rights Atty
Ferguson protestors have shut down a major intersection
Wow. Ferguson Police Chief struggles to remember MikeBrown's name but laments the murdering cop's "injuries." Pretty telling.
If the founding fathers had wanted people to have freedom of assembly, they'd have put something about it in the bill of rights. Ferguson
Saw Ferguson for myself. justiceformichaelbrown Photos from me &amp; the people here:
How many lawsuits totalling how much $$$ are going to come out of the recent events in Ferguson?
Captain Johnson: "I know we're scared and I know we've fallen. But I know He's going to pick us up." Ferguson
Someone please remind me what year it is again? ferguson
Multiple witnesses have told the media in Ferguson, that Mike Brown had his hands up when he was shot "multiple" times by police officer.
4 arrested in Times Square after march supporting Ferguson NMOS14
Police of Ferguson murdered a boy in cold blood. Now they're spinning the story &amp; intimidating the community into silence.
These pro-Israel protesters with rifles in ATL werent ever approached by cops. It helps to be white Ferguson
Protesters asking: "what are we doing wrong" as police advance. Police dogs barking. MikeBrown Ferguson
Police militarization on display in Ferguson
It's messed up when cops can shoot unarmed Black teen yet White people can walk around Target with AR-15's! Ferguson
America doesn't think we're human, the world doesn't think we're human, and cops don't get punished for killing us for no reason. ferguson
For people who profess to LOVE the constitution - they sure VIOLATE it A-lot! Ferguson MikeBrown HandsUpDontShoot
Know your rights: What to do if you're pulled over by a cop ferguson
The City Is Ours NYC Ferguson HandsUpDontShoot
When I was in Iraq we had a couple of demonstrations in front of our base. We took a less menacing posture there than cops in Ferguson now
The whistleblower was putting his Lieutenant on blast. Nine other officers corroborated the rampant racism in the StLouis PD. Ferguson
Vet to Ferguson cops: "Go ahead and shoot me!"
Here is a collection of debris I found in Ferguson yesterday there were tons more rubber bullets
The Ferguson shooting shows that being passive leads 2 more injustice. If a Black cop shot an unarmed white teen, Ferguson would be on fire
Ferguson: Towns Don't Need Tanks
People are gathering at the site where Ferguson police killed 17-year-old MikeBrown. Police have swarmed the area.
Police still at one end of W. Florissant, protesters now at Greater St. Mark Church. Ferguson p/v
Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson: “I’m not going anywhere, I’m going to stay and see this through.” NewDay
Why we need brave journalists: Ferguson
A man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police. ferguson pic by hero
Thanks to centuries of Western colonization of free nations, the term "White" now refers to virtually all oppressors, even Obama. Ferguson
Ferguson officer Darren Wilson will be lauded as a hero by the oppressors the way George Zimmerman was MichaelBrown
No one should live in a town where militarized police point loaded weapons at unarmed citizens Ferguson morningjoe
Things are getting very tense in Ferguson.
The presence of police dogs in Ferguson is, at the very least, culturally and historically insensitive.
"The fatal shooting of an unarmed teenager deserves a full review." AG Eric Holder MikeBrown Ferguson
Not sure what the Anonymous message to Ferguson is going to be exactly but you can count on one. Support
An 88-year-old woman has joined the youth in Ferguson
I don't apologize for my blackness... Y'all got that? FergusonShooting Ferguson.
"Don't shoot! Don't shoot!" ferguson
I asked Ron Johnson why Ferguson cops aren't wearing name tags:
When Ferguson is just a town again - not a Twitter trend or a news story - a mother will still be without her son.
They wouldn't DARE SHOOT HER. Ferguson MikeBrown stl RT : Just posted a photo
Welp... RT : Attorney of Ferguson Market owners never called the police. Said police came TODAY to get their footage. Hm.
Brutal treatment of black ppl isn’t indeed the only anti-human rights act by US govt;look at US’s green light to Israel’s crimes. Ferguson
The courage it takes to to write these words down, much less display them to the world Ferguson MikeBrown
Much to say about Ferguson… but can’t be bothered w/a fallen 2 star General… The Pres. is an abomination! Greene
The anger and tension is definitely worse than last night. Ferguson
Welcome to Ferguson where Americans started waking up to the militarization of their police force
SWAT overlooks protestors in Ferguson. They've all moved to sidewalk.
The Ferguson Solution. My thoughts… RT!
The streets of Times Square have been taken over. Literally. NMOS14 ferguson
Witness To MichaelBrown's Shooting Opens Up: He Was 'Shot Like An Animal' Ferguson
This isn't a riot story. My latest, on why the "hands up/don't shoot" protest is so important in St. Louis: Ferguson
RT : Never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks... wearetargets Ferguson
Remember: This is how Ferguson protests began. Before dogs, tear gas, rubber bullets, intimidation, No-Fly Zone...
"Don't shoot! Don't shoot!" ferguson
JUST IN: has confirmed MikeBrown did not have have a criminal record. Ferguson
Captain Johnson: "What happened last night is what's going to happen here forward." Ferguson
Wow. Turkish pro-gov newspaper claims US media totally ignored Ferguson, news blackout etc..
Stand down of riot cops in Ferguson sends a powerful message - de-militarize police departments across America NOW. HandsUpDontShoot
Police now on the move, advancing on the crowd. MikeBrown Ferguson
Gazans advise US protesters on Twitter Ferguson FreePalestine presstvgaza
St. Louis police chief condemns military tactics being used in Ferguson
Charges filed against man shot by police in Ferguson on Wednesday; cops say he pointed gun at them:
Nothing screams action like placing pressure on the head of the city, Mayor Knowles. Call or email him! Ferguson
Palestinians in Gaza/West Bank have been showing support for Ferguson.
Happening right now in Ferguson:
“Which cop killed MikeBrown?” “Sorry. Can’t tell you that.” “Why’d you release the video?” “Because you asked.” MikeBrown Ferguson
Captain Johnson: "In our anger we have to make sure we don't burn down our own house." Ferguson
End police brutality sign at mikebrown memorial in ferguson
Remembering our friend Robin Williams, Updates on Ferguson and MikeBrown
Ferguson WeArePeace Met a young man who told me, "We aren't here for colors. Black isn't a color, We are all Equal
Protest continues in front of ferguson police dept "the people united, will never be defeated" FergusonShooting
Our account from the ground in Ferguson Protesting 4 JusticeForMikeBrown? Know your rights
The Ferguson police look more militarized now than the actual National Guard, here from the 1967 Newark riots:
RIP Democracy!! Civil Rights Movement still unfinished. Solidarity with Ferguson JusticeForMikeBrown
Easily 50+ officers asking protesters to leave in Ferguson over MikeBrown rally kmov
Protestors have packed the lobby of the Ferguson police headquarters. Not being let into the press confere...
WE OUT HERE IN Ferguson cleaning up OUR city ! Handing out water, Gatorade, snacks, &amp; cleaning supplies MikeBrown
PAY ATTENTION as "teen" becomes "man," "community" becomes "mob," and "murder" becomes "alleged shooting." Ferguson medialiteracy
Welcome to the United Police States of America. Ferguson
Ferguson is why we need Civilian Review Boards. Anger, frustration &amp; potential violence comes when ppl lack faith that they'll get justice.
"We are being forced to leave." "With guns to our face." Ferguson
The mother of MikeBrown, the 17-year-old killed by Ferguson police today, says her son was about to start at Vatterott College next week.
Ferguson Police have dogs and shotguns. The unarmed crowd is raising their hands. ferguson fergusonshooting
Peaceful youth demonstration at Greater St. Mark Church ferguson
"This is not just a north side problem or a black problem, this is a St. Louis problem" - Tom Naerper Ferguson
“When will young people of color's lives matter when they are alive?” - Ferguson
" FERGUSON Dispatch 3: MikeBrown Was Murdered and We Want Justice" TWIBnation
PHOTOS:: Ferguson, Missouri, looks like a war zone
The Mound City Bar Association is offering pro-bono representation to all witnesses of MikeBrown shooting. Ferguson
No, this isn't Iraq or Gaza or Syria. This is the United States of America. Ferguson WTF (via )
This Remarkable Map Shows An Elosion Of Tweets About The Ferguson Protests ️
Oh, this new is very emotional, I suggest you take a listen. Ferguson
I'll be on in a few minutes discussing Ferguson and JusticeForMikeBrown.
I'll be on with in about 15 mins discussing Ferguson JusticeForMikeBrown and PeaceInFerguson. Tune in.
White CNN host complains that Ferguson PD doesn't reflect city's racial diversity. CNN's line up doesn't reflect nation's diversity! tcot
Exactly How Often Do Police Shoot Unarmed Black Men? Ferguson
How police treat white opencarry supporter vs an unarmed black teen. Wonder why? MikeBrown Ferguson
Kids dancing/chanting "justice for mikebrown" just feet from police ferguson
Never forget: Tear Gas. Rubber Bullets. APCs. Militarized Cops. No Name Tags. No Fly Zone. Al Jazeera. Never Forget Mike Brown. ferguson
A massive SWAT team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in ferguson
Ferguson or Iraq? Photos unmask the militarization of America's police via
Police sniper pointing weapon at unarmed civilians. That’s nice. Ferguson
9 Powerful Photos That Show Ferguson Is Pretty Much Being Treated Like A War Zone
At Quik Trip in Ferguson this lady has set up table people to vote.
A line of tanks and military cops facing Ferguson protesters after an extrajudicial execution. Not a lot of moral high ground for America.
Tell me again how this guy points loaded rifle at cops w impunity &amp; unarmd black men get killed Ferguson UniteBlue
What the media won't show Ferguson MikeBrown
UNEASY NIGHT: St. Louis Post Dispatch's reporting on last night's clashes in Ferguson
This exchange is definitely the best thing to come out of Twitter, ever. Ferguson
I don't know how this is going to end. But man, it doesn't feel good right now. ferguson
Ferguson: protesters march peacefully, militarized police aim guns at them pic:
"RESISTANCE from Ferguson to Palestine" FreePalestine MikeBrown
What year are we in again? This is looking like the 50s Ferguson
They didn't give the chief no type of time to rehearse his lines and now he stuck looking like... Ferguson
RT This Cartoon Says It All: via via Chattanooga Times Free Press Ferguson UniteBlue KY
SWAT police just entered a McDonald's in Ferguson and started asking journalists for ID (via )
Peaceful youth demonstration at Greater St. Mark Church ferguson
Marine Vet Speaks Out Against Police State - Ferguson
Ferguson cops on loud speaker seems to be trying Jedi mind tricks on crowd, crowd seems immune to the Jedi arts
Protestor on bull horn: "Is this the Gaza Strip you bombin'" Ferguson
. showed support for RIPMikeBrown last night during his STL concert Ferguson
Rapper J. Cole releases ‘Be Free,’ inspired by Michael Brown in Ferguson
Technology can be used to eand democracy or enforce tyranny. Where we draw the line matters. Ferguson
I grew up 10 minutes from Ferguson - Praying for Peace and Justice.
What a difference a day makes. Ferguson
A message for Ferguson, from Palestine Gaza
Press conference is over. Important to note: NO mention of MikeBrown stealing ANYTHING from ANY store. Ferguson
Murder math, Ferguson edition. Via ... I think.
Police move in, telling people move or be arrested. People asking "What for?" "Just move" Ferguson
The protest is turning into a memorial and moving from the Ferguson Police HQ to the street where MikeBrown was killed.
Ronald Johnson is proof that there can be cops who care about their communities &amp; will do right. But Ferguson deserved that from day one.
"Mom, I'm going to college." AmadouDiallo lastwords ferguson michealbrown policeagression
The American people are the new insurgents. ferguson PoliceState
Hope replaces tear gas in Ferguson
There is a dangerous socioecon war occurring in the US. We MUST use our collective voice &amp; VOTE. UniteBlue Ferguson
Ferguson, Missouri Community Furious After Teen Shot Dead By Police FergusonShooting
Anonymous hacking group threatens the Ferguson police in wake of the murder of Mike Brown --&gt;
How did suburban cops in Ferguson get weapons of war? Get the facts on the 1033 program:
Per : As of this AM, witness Dorian Johnson has still not spoken to St. Louis County PD despite "numerous attempts" ferguson
DARREN WILSON MURDERED AN UNARMED TEEN LEFT HIS BODY IN THE STREET FOR 4 HRS Anything else is irrelevant. MikeBrown Ferguson CoverUp
Police in armored trucks/riot gear in Ferguson unsuccessfully trying to get demonstrators to leave. MichaelBrown
And They Call Conservatives Terrorists? tcot Ferguson
"...they acting good now because y'all are here. But what you think's gonna happen when y'all leave? Tell *that* story." Ferguson
Happening now in Ferguson
After Ferguson shooting, nearly half of Americans don’t believe in justice – poll
Next up on Fox News: Here's some footage of angry black people in Ferguson with no discussion about why they're angry. Enjoy! MikeBrown
America: Where an unarmed black teen gunned to death by the cops isn't seen as a victim, but a white kid on a shooting spree is. Ferguson
I salute CaptainJohnson Ferguson
Quiet where I am. Lots of talking. Lots of standing. No smash-smash. Ferguson
This is not okay. Ferguson
Whether it's a woman who has been raped or a black man gunned down, we live in a culture that blames non-white, non-male victims. Ferguson
Media, we will not allow you to spin this story to make it seem as if MikeBrown deserved to die. Nope. We won't let it happen. Ferguson
Police line moving towards peaceful protesters in ferguson
Ferguson Police Department Release First Official Statement On Shooting Of Mike Brown JusticeForMikeBrown
All of yesterday's Vines in one YouTube video. ferguson
Going 2 War With Americans Ferguson
Great piece from about the role of racial segregation in places like Ferguson
This is a photo I took at the vigil. Just wanted to offer a different perspective. Ferguson MikeBrown
In the USA, if a cop says something, it automatically becomes fact. By law media must report it as fact no matter how outrageous. Ferguson
Still conflicting reports about death of the witness. Police say it's not true. Tempers are rising here in Ferguson
Protestors have crossed the police line in Ferguson
After the whistleblower revealed what was happening, he was summarily harassed, got drug tests, car taken &amp; transferred. Ferguson StLouis
ferguson This records to secure servers, prevents deletion if phone seized Android: iPhone:
The only reason those cops haven't gone all Selma on the people in Ferguson is because the cameras are rolling. That's it.
We have a serious and ongoing police vs young black men problem in America that reminds me we haven't come as far as we think. Ferguson
The killing, the militarized police response, the coverage. How many more ways can you say "Your lives hold no value"? MikeBrown Ferguson
RT : Man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police. ferguson pic by
The reports on Ferguson -
Embarrassed, 'activists" morph from "why stop MichaelBrown?" to "why so many shots?" Next it's "why not use a squirt gun?" Ferguson tcot
Housing discrimination in everything: The NYT on racial inequality in Ferguson
People marching to the Ferguson Police Dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy.
Black teenage boys are not men. They are children. Stop referring to a 17 year old as a man. You are killing children. ferguson
Something being talked about tonight is the makeup of the Ferguson Police Dept. Here's a breakdown: MichaelBrown
Wow RT : State Senator asks the Ferguson police chief if she's going to be gassed again.
How the federal government is militarizing police departments: Ferguson
WE DEMAND THAT POLICE STAY AWAY FROM US WITHOUT WEARING CAMERAS FOR OUR PROTECTION! mikebrown Ferguson
Thought I was looking at a pix from Birmingham, Alabama in 1963 but nope I was looking at Ferguson Missouri 2014 smh
Obama has militarized every government agency there is. THIS is big government. morningjoe Ferguson
How many Ferguson officers are in the KKK? jw
HandsUpDontShoot Janelle Monae and her band stand in solidarity w/ Ferguson EndPoliceBrutality
R.I.P. MikeBrown. Innocent teen murdered by Ferguson police. RETWEET for respect &amp; spreading his story.
"Your right to assemble is not being denied." Police are telling Ferguson residents now that everything is totally cool. It's not.
"Is that a tank?!?" As older black woman asks as cops move in Ferguson
This. Breaks. My. Heart. Ferguson
Trayvon Martin. Jordan Davis. Renisha McBride. Mike Brown. Our streets are stained with the blood of unarmed, black teens. Ferguson
Ferguson right now: Those who want a riot, come prepared for a riot. Heavily-armed officers are moving in.
Muslims butchering Muslims no biggie 'til an Israeli kills 1. U.S. blacks killing other blacks=non event 'til a cop kills 1 ferguson tcot
Overkill in Ferguson. Officer won't answer my question about why this is needed.
Also, the National Association of Black Psychologists will be on-site to provide free crisis counseling to residents of Ferguson today.
And how are some of y'all so quick to believe the same police dept. that threw tear gas at folks in their gatdamb front yards. Ferguson
call weeping neighbors a mob --&gt; paint a picture of a violent community MikeBrown came from --&gt; justify his execution Ferguson
Favorite this now: In the next week, we will hear about EVERY transgression MikeBrown has ever had since soiling his diapers. Ferguson
"What happened in Ferguson doesn't contradict America's racial narrative. It illustrates it."
: Teenager MikeBrown won't start college on Monday because he was shot ten times by a Ferguson police officer. ”
Ferguson is 60% black, but virtually all its cops are white.
After Ferguson shooting, nearly half of Americans don’t believe in justice – poll
WOW! Ferguson police tell a resident a girl was shot in the head, she asks by who, partner of the cop silences him
Whoa ferguson
"Get out your cars. Join us!" say youth demonstrators. ferguson
Ferguson shows how a militarized police force can compromise our rights and our safety JusticeForMikeBrown
"Don't shoot! Don't shoot!" ferguson
Jammers used again. Both livestreams went down again, looks like police is trying to hide something. Ferguson
SWAT Team watches with scopes in Ferguson while demonstrators raise their hands for MikeBrown Justice
Laying on of hands for Capt. Ron Johnson before Ferguson begins another night of protests.
Riots hurt property values and ruin communities. Deters business from coming--then same "activists" complain, "No jobs!" Ferguson tcot
Nothing has changed. The ONLY difference? The pictures are in color. Ferguson FergusonShooting
Follow Amnesty delegation on the ground in Ferguson to observe, collect testimony
"Da man wit the chips" in this iconic photo from Ferguson has been identified.
I don't want another bigot getting in my TL saying it's not abt race, when's the last time a white kid has been MURDERED by police Ferguson
Dont let irrational thoughts lead you,Dr. King's non violent movement got results. What has violence ever gotten us? Ferguson KeepingItReal
The death of Mike Brown was live tweeted via ferguson
Right now in ferguson
Unfollow me NOW if you're like "Why was he running?" or tweeting ANY justification 4 the murder of MikeBrown by Ferguson cops.
This isn't a war yet police are armed a and approaching like we're in Iraq. Ferguson
The Ferguson police are STILL on the tv LYING about wanting peace and there's military guns and amour trucks here in broad daylight
Journalists being arrested in Ferguson. This aggression will not stand, man RT : Just saw two reporters in ferguson cuffed
Neutrality is not an option... Ferguson mediablackout
HERE ARE 50 QUESTIONS! about report released today in Ferguson, please read ”. CHECK THEM OUT!!!
Militarized police are literally marching through Ferguson, Missouri and ordering people into their homes.
Notice how they bring out the attack dogs? FergusonShooting Ferguson FergusonPolice
The Ferguson police have NOT interviewed the primary eye witness to Michael Brown's murder &amp; they won't release how many times he was shot.
Peaceful youth demonstration at Greater St. Mark Church ferguson
Being Black in this country is dangerous business. Ferguson
Ferguson cops keep complimenting crowd, says we're working together on this, crowd not buying it chant "hell no we won't go"
Dogs? In 2014? Ferguson RT : Right now in Ferguson MO following the killing of 17-year-old MikeBrown
New Video of SWAT Team Attack on Al-Jazeera in Ferguson You Haven't Seen - Please RT to ee lying cops
Police dogs snarl at a crowd of mourners in Ferguson. They are mourning the killing of another teenager by police ”
Haven’t seen a police chief run from a microphone that fast since Commissioner Gordon said the Joker was threatening Gotham City Ferguson
Well, it took Twitter about 5 minutes to completely demolish the Ferguson police's smear conference.
Important new image in Ferguson via .
Ferguson, MO is in protest after a cop kills an unarmed black teen:
Natl bar :if Ferguson officers name isn't released by Monday they will seek court order forcing the release. MikeBrown
The police in Ferguson are using military suppression tactics on unarmed civilians. That's not law enforcement, b.
Just be ready. When Ferguson PD release the photo of DarrenWilson, it will look something like this.
Michael Brown was due to begin classes at Vatterott College tomorrow. His mother mourns his loss: Ferguson
There is a RALLY TODAY!!!!! SPREAD THE WORD Ferguson STL MIKEBROWN
Prayers for Ferguson.
AG Eric Holder called Ron Johnson this afternoon, called approach a “model of community-based policing.” ferguson
INDICT CHIEF TOM JACKSON for conspiracy and aiding &amp; abetting. INDICT DARREN WILSON for murder. Convict both. ferguson mikebrown
Rose petals and candles have been placed in the street where MikeBrown's body laid. Ferguson
Police in Ferguson haven't been wearing identification: via / Fire the Ferguson PD.
STL A cleanup for Ferguson has been organized. TOMORROW. Meet at 10 am Wednesday August 13, 333 N Florissant Rd, Ferguson, MO 63135
So let me get this right - cops shoot an unarmed kid then put the town under effective martial law? In the USA? In 2014? Ferguson
Reach RT Someone please remind me what year it is again? ferguson
The events in Ferguson Missouri remind us how and why America's police became so militarised
If you're recording in video ferguson, please use apps like Bambuser that record to a server so it can't be deleted if your phone is seized
Police aren't being taught to protect and serve anymore. They are being taught to shoot first, elain later. ferguson
When you see citizens as enemies... RT : Police have brought out the large gear in Ferguson. "
There's cameras on every corner of the hood. Let's out cameras on every cop. What do you have to hide? Ferguson
Ron Johnson says he would have liked to been consulted by ferguson chief Jackson about today's release of info.
The STL SWAT team has weapons drawn in Ferguson at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
Captain Johnson says Ferguson police did not consult with him before they released the name of DarrenWilson. He wishes they did.
Mike Brown was to start studying at Vatterott College on Monday. Ferguson
PLEASE DONT TRY TO BUY ME OUT, MONEY OR ANYTHING. MY STORY IS FOR JUSTICE. Ferguson
Ferguson police name the officer who shot MikeBrown. He is Darren Wilson stl MichaelBrown
Most-shared Ferguson news images, as published on LINK:
Harvard Law students stand in solidarity w/ Ferguson and all innocent victims of policebrutality HandsUpDontShoot
Excellent commentary on Ferguson courtesy of
Crazy RT : Someone please remind me what year it is again? ferguson
Younger than MikeBrown, but not that much younger Ferguson dontshoot
Man in flag shirt, holding a bag of chips, throws flaming can of tear gas BACK at Ferguson police. My new hero.
People are now matching to the Ferguson Police Dept headquarters.
"Activists" call Ferguson PD "pigs," "racist," "apartheid," and "occupiers'--then ask why so few young blacks apply to become cops. tcot
How did the U.S. police get the weapons + tactics we're seeing in Ferguson? See our report JusticeForMikeBrown
Unarmed teen killed by cops isn't the headline but calling black people "ANGRY MOB!" is, that tells you everything about the media Ferguson
REMINDER: MikeBrown's tragic death isn't a Ferguson problem or a Missouri problem, it's an American problem. p2
This is literally on Fox News right now Ferguson
5) if Ferguson PD were already put on notice about a Quick-Mart robbery, why was that NEVER part of the narrative till now?
WeAreTargets RT : Someone please remind me what year it is again? ferguson
Crowd near site of shooting chants "hands up, don't shoot." Ferguson
Peaceful youth demonstration at Greater St. Mark Church ferguson
Protestors outside Ferguson police department headquarters right now
Ten Things White People Can Do About Ferguson Besides Tweet
Thoughts are with Ferguson. We need 2 collectively take a stand against senseless violence that confronts our youth.
MT Ferguson FergusonShooting MikeBrown . Best tweet of the day for me.
Look at this RT : State Senator asks the Ferguson police chief if she's going to be gassed again.
The Ferguson chief, the County chief, County prosecutor, and need to reach out to the family and promise justice TONIGHT.
Officer ran up and I told him I was lost...didn't care. He cursed me out and called me a bitch. Pulled his gun out... MikeBrown Ferguson
Banner of all the lives stolen by law enforcement nation wide. ferguson
The Ferguson police look more militarized now than the actual National Guard, here from the 1967 Newark riots:
I don’t know if the Ferguson police chief is acting out of malice or ignorance, but either way, he’s the face the problem right now.
Black folks deserve a more honest account of racial politics than 'it's all love, overlook color, and give peace a chance.' Ferguson
"Being a poor, black American makes you vulnerable; living in a poor, black area renders you collateral" Ferguson
MikeBrown deserves to have these pictures circulating. Contribute to the movement Ferguson IfTheyGunnedMeDown
The police presence in Ferguson following the shooting of Michael Brown was mind blowing.
"Hands up!" in Ferguson
This is sheer insanity. Just look at 's photo from Ferguson.
Dear media: If Michael Brown's race is mentioned in a news report, so should officer Darren Wilson's race. Ferguson
Teenager MikeBrown won't start college on Monday because he was shot ten times by a Ferguson police officer.
A mother lost her child. A father lost his son. A young man lost his life. JusticeForMikeBrown Ferguson
At the Ferguson police dept headquarters
The fact that while we've been focused on Ferguson another black man was killed by cops in LA and it barely made the news says a lot.
Black bodies are no longer swinging from trees, they are laying on the streets. Ferguson detriot oakland nyc usa
Right now in Ferguson, MO following the killing of 17-year-old MikeBrown
These are the comments by . Loud and wrong. MikeBrown Ferguson
Awful. RT Ferguson Police have dogs and shotguns. The unarmed crowd is raising their hands.
Missouri Governor Jay Nin is delivering remarks on the Mike Brown case. Ferguson
Police are using military weapons to occupy Ferguson, Missouri:
Despite the latest blunder of the Ferguson police department, I am hopeful for another night of PeaceInFerguson.
Ferguson vs BundyRanch See the difference?
White twitter doing what they do best... Ferguson FergusonShooting
I instantly broke down crying and scared for my own life. These officers do NOT care about me...or anyone black Ferguson MikeBrown
You know things are out of control in Ferguson when people in Gaza are tweeting advice on how to cope
LAPD kills young black man days after Ferguson shooting
Very eager to hear why Ferguson Chief Tom Jackson didn't tell new man in charge, Capt. Johnson, he was releasing MikeBrown incident report
Right when we thought things were beginning to cool down, bam! Ferguson
Photos from Ferguson and 1960s protests side by side show not much has changed in the past 50 years
WELP! RT : Ferguson chief says officer Darren Wilson devastated. Mike Brown unavailable for comment about his feelings because dead.
Hannity throws a softball to Ferguson Police Chief UniteBlue LibCrib Bundy morningjoe
Some signs from the earlier shutdown of West Florissant in Ferguson
How many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in America? ThatIsTheQuestion Ferguson
Lawyer for Dorian Johnson, eyewitness to MichaelBrown shooting, tells me they will meet with both FBI and county prosecutor today Ferguson
Rest in Peace Mike Brown. Ferguson
That crowd behind the cops? MORE cops. ferguson
I'm so tired of society making black people defend themselves, even from under the grave. Ferguson MikeBrown
Wow. From responses, it seems people only know about what's happening in Ferguson from web. What happens when gov ends net neutrality?
No justice! No peace! Ferguson FergusonShooting FergusonRiot MikeBrown
There will be no BlackOut or Censoring The Global Community from witnessing this HUMAN travesty Unity Ferguson
Friends, the Ferguson police aren't incompetent. They are building a defense &amp; know they don't have to work hard at it.
RT : State Senator asks the Ferguson police chief if she's going to be gassed again.
The whistleblower said they would often have "Black day" or "tan day" to just arrest Black or Brown people by the StLouis PD. Ferguson
The cop who shot MikeBrown is on paid leave. Shoot a black kid, get a paid vacation. WeAreTargets Ferguson
Keep your eyes on 's tweets. The journalist is on the ground in Ferguson right now.
Video footage of my arrest, staffers, and Michael Powers Protest and arrests 8-13-14: Ferguson
It's a lot more quiet here at qt as Capt. Johnson speaks. One guy just yelled "we want answers." ferguson ksdk
Because the news outlets are blatantly LYING about MikeBrown murder and ignoring the clear coverup and militarization of Ferguson
This is Ferguson, a suburb in America.
Ferguson police have brought dogs into neighborhood. Residents protest with hands in the air. Tension is growing...
Every Black person should drill this in their heads:we are in Jim Crow 2.0..and the new lynch mobs and KKK members ARE THE POLICE Ferguson
Dear Ferguson PD After our towns murders we didn't deploy SWAT Respectfully a Sandy Hook Dad and ex-cop.
So Ferguson police want me to believe MikeBrown tried to get into a police car and wrestle the officer's gun away. I'm gonna need video.
Ferguson, Mo., police identify Darren Wilson as the officer who killed Michael Brown last week.
It's helicopters flying in Ferguson. How a drive by happen and y'all ain't spot it??! With West Florissant COMPLETELY BLOCKED OFF.
Happening now in Ferguson where MikeBrown was killed.
Demonstrators on West Florissant in Ferguson wearing signs. Holding hands in the air in solidarity with MikeBrown
Ferguson FergusonRiot JailSupport helps those arrested in order to connect them to lawyers, relay messages...
Fyi cigars in Ferguson cost $38 million.
People are angry, frustrated but peaceful tonight in Ferguson. The police dept's heavy handed approach made things worse. Leaving was good.
Occupation is a CRIME, Ferguson to Palestine! AntiWar Committee Chicago StandWithFerguson MikeBrown
When's the last time a white kid was unjustly killed by law enforcement? Just spread the word MikeBrown Ferguson
Dear : No. Signed, Everyone Ferguson MikeBrown
MikeBrown's tragic death isn't a Ferguson problem or a Missouri problem, it's an American problem. .
NMOS14 demonstrators holding up signs right now at Washington, DC's Malcolm X Park: Ferguson V
Yessss! RT : Mother/Daughter team in Ferguson. Daughter just took bar. Will b civil rights Atty
even in Afghanistan we never pointed our rifles at civilians there is something seriously wrong with the police in Ferguson
this is america? what the fuck is wrong with us? Ferguson
Current situation in ferguson
If Michael Brown had shot and killed a Ferguson police officer, would his identity be kept secret for his &amp; his family's safety?
Iran’s Supreme Leader has taken to Twitter to criticize the US over Ferguson.
there is Ferguson ( USA) not Syria... journalists was arrested,protesters was raided FergusonRiot OccupyFerguson
The Dept. of Justice has made it official: The agency has opened a civil rights investigation into the MikeBrown shooting. Ferguson
"Hands up! Don't shoot!" Ferguson, MO, protests spread to nearby Clayton.
17-yr-old unarmed black kid MikeBrown was murdered by a cop in Ferguson, Missouri yesterday. This is his stepdad:
Thousands of New Yorkers shut down Times Square in support of JusticeForMikeBrown Ferguson
MikeBrown, left, is gunned down for WWB (walking while black),but guy on the right can point a gun at cops Ferguson
Ferguson MikeBrown RT : Day 2 of making bag lunches for protesters &amp; volunteers.
I asked PD about charges that ppl were tear gassed on their porches. Said "we were too. Depends on how wind is blowing." ferguson
On some Tiananmen shit. RT : Military-style police: 3 APCs, ~100 officers, high-powered rifles Ferguson
Palestinians in Gaza/West Bank have been showing support for Ferguson. Even offering tips on dealing with teargas.
Incredibly beautiful smile gaza GazaUnderAttack FreePalestine Ferguson
Police murder another unarmed 17 yr old blk kid &amp; police show up like this. I can't take it! Ferguson WeAreTargets
Why has no reporter interviewed the 'Brown' convenience store 'desi' owner in Ferguson, robbed by Michael Brown?
To all white ppl horrified by Ferguson: go to police, school board, &amp; mayor and teach how anti-blackness kills. They don't listen to us.
The law enforcement show of force in Ferguson is more heavily-armed than some of my patrols were in active war zones. Think about that.
Another day, another shooting of an unarmed black teenager in America by authority figures. STL Ferguson
wakeup MarshallLaw Ferguson - America - how's that land of the free working out?
Calling all journalists covering MikeBrown Ferguson FREE coffee/Wifi if you need a place to work!
Harvard students stand in solidarity with MikeBrown &amp; the Ferguson community. HandsUpDontShoot HBLSA
Maybe the protestors in Ferguson Should dress as Klan members. The police will protect them.
More startling statistics about the segregated population of Ferguson, Mo.
Police pull up to Ferguson in MRAPs &amp; point sniper rifles at unarmed protestors LIVE 11am-2pm CST
Why do whites run a mostly black town? See what's fueling long-simmering tension in Ferguson
Ppl in Ferguson v sensitive to media descriptions of rioting, so worth noting: only behavior accurately described as such happened Sun.
Who is in Ferguson? Who can livestream? Who can tweet? The world needs to know what is going on. Let's show them. Ferguson OpFerguson
Military-style police in overwhelming show of force: 3 APCs, ~100 officers, high-powered rifles Ferguson
real. Ferguson mikebrown RT : This. Struck. A. Chord.
BREAKING here's copy of joint statement from US Attorney re: MikeBrown Ferguson
Ferguson PD is putting on a show for the world. Forgetting the world is now watching Twitter.
Anonymous released radio runs of MikeBrown murder in Ferguson. Cops call 4 backup, not EMS:
Sitting in McDonalds in Ferguson, man says to cashier: "They're trying to make this about looting...this is about police murdering a kid"
Ferguson MikeBrown protests
Hard to ask people to obey the law when The Law kills people w/ impunity. Riots &amp; civil unrest are offsprings of corrupt system. Ferguson
Black people die 2 deaths: 1) by public execution &amp; 2) an assassination of their character to justify the murder. Ferguson MikeBrown
Ferguson police chief has "no doubt that the investigation will be conducted impartially." Well WE ALL HAVE SERIOUS DOUBTS. MikeBrown
"Our problem is not with Hamas. Our problem is not in Iraq. Our problem is in Ferguson!" - Anthony Shahid
I would suggest that the Ferguson Police department stop jamming live streams and communications immediately.
Late reporting from Ferguson: "Unrest" outside police station. When white people do it, it's a "vigil."
Better Family life out here in the FERGUSON community offering therapy for the residents of Canfield MikeBrown
Don't Worry We're From the Internet.... Ferguson
Confirmed: this is irrelevant. RT : Confirmed: MikeBrown had no criminal record. Ferguson
Racial discrimination's still a dilemma in US. Still ppl are unsecure for having dark skins.The way police treat them confirms it. Ferguson
"They say we destroying our own neighborhood. We don't own nothing out here." Ferguson
So, many of those calling for transparency yesterday are condemning police for what they released today. Can’t have it both ways. ferguson
ThatAwesomeMoment when America comes together as one in the face of adversity. Ferguson NMOS14 MikeBrown p2
Don't get confused: rage is the right response to what happened in Ferguson.
RT : RT : PLS RT! Jail support info for ppl arrested at mikebrown rallies. ferguson
Ferguson. RT : Swat truck repositioned, gun pointing straight at protesters
IF YOU DONT STAND FOR SOMETHING YOULL FALL FOR ANYTHING RipMikeBrown Ferguson
The Civil Rights Act is 50 years old. These two pictures were taken 50 years apart. Behold our progress. Ferguson
Two weeks before MichaelBrown was killed he accepted Jesus Christ as his savior! Ferguson
Ok, America,this is when we are tested.Can you sustain yr interest in the killing of an unarmed black teen if he wasn't an angel? Ferguson
If Michael Brown had been white, would have described crowd not as a "mob", but as a 'heartbroken community'. Ferguson
Today the world is a world of tyranny and lies. The flag of HumanRights is borne by enemies of human rights w/US leading them! Ferguson
Ferguson v Bundy: Black jaywalking teen shot &amp; killed by cops. White trespassig rancher's militia aim guns at cops.
Looting &amp; rioting are terms that are loosely being used to describe all the civil disobedience in Ferguson don't get it twisted focus
BREAKING first official news release from Ferguson PD since death of MikeBrown
This is not a "black" loss. This is a loss for America, and everyone should be concerned, outraged &amp; involved. Ferguson
At the end of the day, shooting an unarmed man who is surrendering is a crime &amp; the person who we know did it isn't in custody. ferguson
This is probably the greatest thing I've seen so far Ferguson MikeBrown
When and where - MikeBrown shot by police officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson
Damn Ferguson MikeBrown
Ferguson PD doesn't have 70+ SWAT officers &amp; 3 APC's. This has to a county wide response. The mayor &amp; the governor are culpable.
More coverage from Europe - Ferguson MikeBrown
So would that "angry mob" in Ferguson also qualify as "concerned citizens"? What's the difference, skin color? justice4all
Ferguson headlines like "Is this how a dystopia starts?" ... (Read: "Could police militarization start affecting white people soon?")
Realist picture you will see today.. Ferguson
RT : This what they not showing you on the media. These young men cleaning up after the riot. Ferguson
When white folks start discussing how POC should respond to blatant or covert racism &amp; oppression. -_- Ferguson
hey shoot me a dm when you get a chance. I've got something you may want to see ferguson
Serve and protect?... Ferguson Justice UniteBlue
The face of Black America each time speaks about or to us. Ferguson MikeBrown
We got through. That's a sniper on top of a tank pointing guns at us... ferguson
“When you dress police up like soldiers, they start thinking like soldiers. And soldiers engage an enemy.” Ferguson
The occasional police car drives through and some shouts of "F-ck the Police!" can be heard. But back to peaceful when they leave. Ferguson
There's still no justification stated for MikeBrown to be shot to death. Ferguson
PHOTOS: Americans across the country hold vigil for Michael Brown NMOS14 Ferguson
I can't help but notice that no one with the NRA or tcot has suggested the Ferguson protesters should carry assault rifles. Weird.
Students at Howard University show solidarity w Michael Brown and protestors in Ferguson
RT : Ferguson picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters
Morning in Ferguson
Captain Johnson: "Last night was a great night." Ferguson
"Your right to demonstrate is not being denied." Says dude in a Tank with snipers. Ferguson
When people can't handle your content.....attack your character! Ferguson
Is that a bag of chips?! REAL RT : May be the dopest photo of the year Ferguson
Hey Obama &amp; FBI Here's A BIG LEAD 4 U! Look what's being handed out 2 Ferguson Rioters, talk 2 the Sponsors! tcot
Protests continue at the QT ferguson
Those cops on line in Ferguson don't have riot shields and batons. They have rifles. The only thing they can do with those is shoot people.
Again, WATCH: Ferguson Police Fire Tear Gas on Protesters with "Hands Up" in Their Own Backyard
More from Ferguson this morning
Arrest being made. Chambers and W. Florissant right now. Ferguson
Black children do not have to be perfect for their lives to have value. MikeBrown is not on trial. He is a homicide victim. Ferguson
Vigil for shooting victim Mike Brown will be held at 8pm Sunday at Canfield Green apartment complex in Ferguson
Stewart drives over guy kills him. News is everywhere. Cops fire 10 bullets into unarmed black. Not even covered. Good job media. Ferguson
Ferguson Regardless of what color you are; the militarized police response here is BONECHILLING
SWAT police just entered a McDonald's in Ferguson and started asking journalists for ID (via )
Witness: "He threw his hands up and they shot him. The boy fell and they shot him some more." Ferguson
No arrests last night in Ferguson (per )
Cops gun down a 17-year-old in front of you &amp; lock down your neighborhood with scores of armed cops because THEY feel threatened Ferguson
Follow NOW if you want to follow the story about the unarmed teenager who was killed by the Ferguson police.
The police have come into the community with dogs. ferguson
Protest at Ferguson police dept right now
Ferguson. Beware of violent street gangs in ferguson. Here's what they look like.
The whistleblower said the StLouis PD told the Black officers, "Oh, not you... you're the good guys." Ferguson
Putting out a specific call again: this story should be told by Black youth, from Ferguson. If that's you, we have a platform, get at me
*church fan* RT : Where's the NRA's call for blacks to arm themselves against the police? MikeBrown Ferguson
Outside Ferguson Police Headquarters right now
message RT : Someone please remind me what year it is again? ferguson
MorningReads: Terrifying result of police militarization on display in Ferguson, MO
"You a reporter, big boy? See. They're treating you like they do us." A Ferguson protestor who's quickly become one of my favorites told me
Captain America is Black: Man throwing a tear gas canister back at police in Ferguson. (Photo by .)
Cops are forcing us to move even as legally we have the right to stand on the sidewalk... Ferguson
Missouri Mayor: Looters came from out of town. … Was he talking about Sharpton? Ferguson
Family of MichaelBrown talks about his life: . STL Ferguson MikeBrown
High school graduation picture of Mike Brown. May he rest in peace, while we fight for his justice. Ferguson
St. Louis County police tell me woman shot in the head and that a Lt. on scene said she's "alert and gonna live." Ferguson
Patrol cars still flood the streets in ferguson more than 6 hours after police officer shot teenager
Mike Brown does not have to be perfect for his life to have value. MikeBrown is not on trial. He is a homicide victim. Ferguson
Sara 4, killed while playing Israel is intentionally targeting KIDS Ferguson Gaza GazaUnderAttack FreePalestine
Better view of police facing off against protesters in ferguson
Omg Wow ": WOW RT : Police have brought out the large gear in Ferguson. "
Dear mainstream media: The story is not the protest. The story is the police shooting of an unarmed black teenager. Ferguson
The sights and sounds from Ferguson, Missouri are unbelievable:
White male goes on shooting spree: "troubled nice guy needed help" Black male, unarmed, gunned down: "felon, thug, asking for it" Ferguson
88-year-old Creola Mccalister has joined the youth in Ferguson
Sad Survival Lessons We Have To Teach Our Young Black Boys. JusticeForMikeBrown MikeBrown Ferguson
Everyone assumes everyone has a gun in America. And they're usually right. That's the problem. MichaelBrown Ferguson
Ferguson Police Department: Riot Gear ️ Tear Gas ️ Camouflage ️ Assault Rifles ️ Armored Land Mine Vehicles ️ Dashboard cameras
State Senator asks the Ferguson police chief if she's going to be gassed again.
Coming soon to everyone's town. MT : Overkill in Ferguson. Officer won't answer...why this is needed.
Things getting tense at protest in Ferguson right now:
When Parenting Feels Like a Fool's Errand: On the Death of Michael Brown: MikeBrown Ferguson
BREAKING: State Senator Maria Chapelle Nadal has been taken into police custody; she had been tear-gassed at an earlier protest. Ferguson
RT : The STL SWAT team has weapons drawn in Ferguson at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
Notice it's "involved in the shooting" not "killed a child." Notice it's "paid administrative leave" not "has been arrested" Ferguson
BREAKING: AG Eric Holder has instructed attorneys in the department's civil rights division to monitor developments in Ferguson. -
If you have to announce that you're not taking away the right to assemble- you're probably taking away the right to assemble Ferguson
Last night in Ferguson started with joyous hymns &amp; calls for peace. It ended with another police shooting. My latest
Wow...A man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police. ferguson pic by
Don't tell a heartbroken community how to feel, what to say. Try listening to them instead. Ferguson
Slow parade of cars and walkers leaving Ferguson tonight. Peacefully. ️
RT : Intersection of Canfield and W.Florissant traffic backed up due to march MikeBrown Ferguson KMOV
Lots of people -- some prayerful, some sad, some angry -- have gathered outside the Ferguson police headquarters
RT : SWAT police just entered a McDonald's in Ferguson and started asking journalists for ID (via...
Bizarre. Police are now refusing to let us into their own press conference regarding ferguson.
No Skittles, Arizona Iced Tea, Cops On Scene. Another Black Teen Dead. Whats Their Excuse Now?. Ferguson MikeBrown
disarm the police RT : ppl dont want ur "protection" anymore! Ferguson PoliceBrutality
Occupation is a CRIME,from Ferguson to Palestine!AntiWar Committee Chicago StandWithFerguson MikeBrown
Congress considering legislation to demilitarize local police in wake of Ferguson brutality
St. Louis Police tells me they’re currently talking to Dorian Johnson, key witness in MikeBrown shooting Ferguson
The astonishing pictures coming out of Ferguson--snipers and tanks trained on civilians--look like they're straight out of a failing state.
'Not Open For Discussion'—SWAT Tells Protesters In Ferguson To Leave (Photo: )
When police are militarized, they go to war with citizens. Ferguson
The police officer who killed Mike Brown has been put on paid administrative leave. Ferguson
Michael Brown was supposed to start classes at Vatterott College on Monday. Instead gunned down in street by Ferguson police.
The black &amp; unarmed group on the left is called an "angry mob" vs the armed white group called supporters Ferguson
We are seeing, in high relief, why we need a federal government. Ferguson
Well, OF COURSE the Ferguson police need to wear camouflage instead of uniforms. They might need to hide in all those urban forests.
Police move in, telling people move or be arrested. People asking "What for?" "Just move" Ferguson
This puts it all in perspective. Ferguson MikeBrown
This is what they call "justice" in Ferguson
Solidarity from London to Ferguson Vigil on Sunday 17th, outside US embassy
The Ferguson killing was live-tweeted. via
It's incredibly upsetting hearing about the execution of children by the authorities in Iraq, Gaza, and Missouri. MikeBrown Ferguson
Times Square right now for Ferguson MichaelBrown
People in the street shouting "No Justice, No Peace" and blocking a Kinloch police car from passing. Ferguson
Reminder that this is legal, but young unarmed black men are threatening and make us "uncomfortable" Ferguson
On local tv now, reports shooting victim last night in Ferguson was 19-year-old male, shot multiple times by county police
Photos from Ferguson
Crowd peacefully dispersing at the QT tonight. Ferguson
The whistleblower, a white man who went by the name of "Lonewolf," said Black people should be allowed to shop w/o harassment. Ferguson
cops aren't soldiers. soldiers are soldiers. if you want to be a soldier, enlist &amp; head for the desert. The USA is NOT a war zone. ferguson
One of the great photos of American history taken by . Things much more peaceful in Ferguson last night.
Live from Ferguson
Protesters march peacefully alongside state troopers in Ferguson: (Scott Olson, Getty Images)
Left: police that Obama condemned under Yanukovych. Right: Obama's police in Ferguson. Hypocrisy USA Ukraine
This is not Kiev, Ukraine. This is Ferguson, Missouri right now.
Homeland Security has given $34 billion to local police to militarize in the name of 'counterterrorism.' Ferguson
7 things to know about the new guy running things in Ferguson: RonJohnson
I have no gun. But my phone is fully charged. DONTSHOOT Ferguson HANDSUP MikeBrown
Look at how US govt treats black community! It's not about 50-100 years ago but it's about today! Ferguson
Situation in Ferguson getting very tense after police killed unarmed teenager Mike Brown (photo: )
Federal grants drive cop militarization: in '12 St. Louis County got Bearcat armored vehicle, other goodies ferguson
Police have blocked us from getting to the protestors. Full riot gear. Ferguson
Main roads blocked off. Found a back way. I'm back at the QT in Ferguson
World of difference: police walking with protesters, wearing normal uniforms, state Highway Patrol chief hugging it out. Ferguson
You can say what you want about MikeBrown but that doesn't make him guilty. That police officer though? He killed him. Ferguson
As all eyes r on the police murder of MikeBrown in Ferguson, 3 more unarmed Americans killed by police in LA, Dallas &amp; Tulsa in past week.
For those not in Ferguson: what questions do you still have? Are their angles/content you want elored haven't seen yet?
Police told protesters to get out of street, they instead got on knees and said, "Hands up! Don't shoot!" Ferguson
They've brought the dogs out in Ferguson
Georgia Rep. Hank Johnson proposed legislation on Thursday aimed at demilitarizing domestic police forces. Ferguson
If Michael Brown had been carrying a gun, would Republicans still say he had a right to bear arms? Or is that only for white men? ferguson
The difference between "unrest" and "patriotism" is directly proportional to how black the protesters are. Ferguson Murrieta BundyRanch
JUST IN: Ferguson police chief identifies cop who shot Michael Brown as Darren Wilson
We will be free when we learn to stand together and fight. allthatandabagofchips (based on a photo from ferguson)
Ferguson stl MikeBrown RT : pls spread around StL:
Police fire tear gas at protestors for the third night in a row in Ferguson, Mo. Ferguson MikeBrown
. students stand in solidarity with MikeBrown &amp; the Ferguson community. HandsUpDontShoot HBLSA
Captain Johnson: "You're going to see a bunch of smiles, a bunch of hugs, and a bunch of conversations" tonight in Ferguson.
Police announce "your right to demonstrate is not being obstructed" Ferguson
Respect freedom... Ferguson mediablackout
Reproductive justice must include the right not to live in constant fear that a cop will kill your child. Ferguson
RT : The oppressed stands with the oppressed. Palestine stands with Ferguson.
Great Minds Think Alike But So Do DUMBASSES! Jesse Jackson: There's a ' Ferguson' near U tcot
Protestors at the Ferguson Police Dept.
Wherein a bunch of guys who served in Iraq and Afgh look at the ferguson cops and say: WTF? via
"Hands up! Don't shoot!" ferguson
Armed gunmen shoot local man as part of their reign of terror in Iraq. Oops! Nope, that was police in Ferguson. My mistake.
Tanks. Military police. Occupation. Media blackout. No fly zone. In...a suburb. This is America in 2014. Ferguson
RT : The sad truth RT : This would help tremendously. mikebrown Ferguson
"Please don't let me die." kimanigray lastwords policeagression ferguson michealbrown
BREAKING: Ferguson both lanes of W Florissant Ave blocked again, crowd chanting "They say get back, we say fuck that" tact teams driving up
RETWEET!!! Before any cops were called, before anyone knew he was killed! One of them is his killer ferguson
Don't feel hopeless if you are far from Ferguson. Organize your block or your hood. Unite tenants, support effenders, FilmThePolice.
The protestors in Ferguson are not armed. Why is SWAT out there like they're raiding a weapons depot?
Watching Ferguson being on the verge of imposing martial law is far better than any reality TV. Tune in now:
Teenager MikeBrown won't start college on Monday because he was shot ten times by a Ferguson police officer.
Ferguson heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
Wait, why aren't the cops pointing assault rifles at these protestors? ferguson
Overkill in Ferguson. Officer won't answer my question about why this is needed. "
I’m in Ferguson and the witnesses are telling a chillin story. This young man was truly executed.
There should be blame AND shame here. Ferguson MichaelBrown
BREAKING - Ferguson's police chief has announced Darren Wilson as the cop who shot and killed MikeBrown.
Army tactical gear This image is not from iraq or Afghanistan this is Ferguson MO MichaelBrown fatal shooting
The Ferguson police dept didn't say "murdered" of course. Cops never "murder" people. Black people just "are shot" in proximity of cops
: "I think the focal point here still remains to determine how and why MichaelBrown was killed and to seek justice." Ferguson
Bad craziness. RT STL SWAT has weapons drawn in Ferguson protest in broad daylight w/ media attending
"To protect and serve" has become "To harass and shoot" Ferguson
Wonder how many breaking news reports there would be on national networks if a white unarmed teenager was shot + killed by police? Ferguson
Beautiful statement from Palestinians eressing support &amp; solidarity w/ MikeBrown &amp; ppl of Ferguson via
Ferguson or Afghanistan? Powerful evidence of growing militarization of US police forces.
Keep dontshoot going! That's the chant of our young people in Ferguson!
I stand with Ferguson.
Pic of masked, sign-carrying member of Anonymous in DC on Aug 14th Ferguson
Cops or Soldiers? Pentagon, DHS Helped Arm Police in Ferguson with Equipment Used in War
Amerika appears to be awash in all manner of terrorism. Much of it state-sponsored. Ferguson MikeBrown Racism p2
RT .: A massive SWAT team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in ferguson
Young black victims are killed twice in America―once by gun, second by media. Let the victim be the victim this time. Ferguson
Police blocking cars from entering Ferguson right now
No-Fly Zone over Ferguson MO bans News Copters from Reporting on Protests Anyone gotta drone? OpFerguson
Protestors in Ferguson refuse to move, have put their hands up in front of police. MikeBrown
Community asks Nin, "why was your response delayed to our community?" Ferguson
The STL SWAT team has weapons drawn in Ferguson at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
Police and protesters face to face in Ferguson
MikeBrown's mother: "Police not telling us nothing, cause they have nothing to say." Ferguson
Snipers rifles aimed at unarmed American citizens right now in St. Louis, MO. Ferguson
More police cars heading into Ferguson
We don't need to stinkin' PoliceState Americans! This must stop! .: Going 2 War w/ Americans Ferguson
Ferguson police once charged a man w/ destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms:
Yes describe people protesting police officer killing Michael Brown as "mob". Then, edit, "crowd" ferguson
Don't believe shit you see on TV. Residents of Ferguson LIVE TWEETED this entire ordeal and we watched it unfold.
St. Louis area police forces are less diverse than communities they serve. By the numbers - Ferguson STL
If u r white &amp; u r not outraged about Ferguson then the problem is much bigger than the police. americaforall
"if you Retweet or Screenshot. Just spread the word we need Justice" ferguson stlouis MO uniteblue libcrib p2
Ferguson BundyRanch Hypocrisy / H/T to for the images.
